Dexcom Privacy Notice

Last Updated July, 2024

Who We Are

Dexcom, Inc., and its directly or indirectly controlled affiliate(s) or subsidiaries, listed here (Dexcom, we, our, or us) value your privacy and the protection of your Personal Data. This Privacy Notice (Notice) explains how we collect, store, use, share, transfer, delete, and otherwise process information collected from or about you known as Personal Data (defined further below in this Notice). As an international company, Dexcom has multiple legal entities in different countries that may be responsible for the Personal Data they process, and we process Personal Data in accordance with these laws.
Purpose of this Privacy Notice

This Notice describes the types of Personal Data that Dexcom may collect or process, how we may use and disclose that Personal Data, and how you may exercise any rights you may have regarding our processing of your Personal Data.

This Notice applies to Personal Data collected or processed by us:

    Through online activities and services we offer (through this and other of our websites, our online store, web surveys, newsletters, applications, email, online messaging services or channels, including online “chats” with live individuals and artificial intelligence, through social media, through our telephone customer service centers, through email or SMS/text messages, and otherwise) (Online Services);

    Through your account and through our products and services, whether provided directly to you or your patient, or if you are a patient, through your doctor, hospital, medical treatment facility, or other healthcare provider (Healthcare Provider), including the Stelo Glucose Biosensor System, Dexcom G7® CGM System, Dexcom G6® CGM System, Dexcom ONE CGM System, Dexcom G5® CGM System, Dexcom G6 Pro, Clarity Clinic and our mobile apps such as Dexcom Clarity, Dexcom Share, Stelo by Dexcom app, the Dexcom G7 app, the Dexcom G6 app, the Dexcom ONE app, the Dexcom G5 App, and Dexcom Follow (Products), including individuals who act as Dexcom Warriors;

    In other situations where you interact with us, including but not limited to interacting with us by visiting our sites, offices, or our events (such as tradeshows and conferences) (Events) (our Online Services, Products, and Events are collectively called Products and Services in this Notice);

    Related to activities we undertake in recruiting participants for participation in clinical trials or activities related to identifying and contracting with study investigators and their staff;

    In connection with adverse events, complaints, and reports;

    When you interact with us in a professional capacity, for example, if you are a Healthcare Provider or an employee of a company we do business with or provide Products and Services to;

    When we undertake employment recruiting activities; or

    Anywhere this Notice is posted or referenced.

Dexcom may provide you with a different privacy notice in certain specific situations, in which case that privacy notice or policy will apply to the Personal Data collected or processed in that specific situation, rather than this one. If you are a patient in the United States, please refer to our Notice of Privacy Practices for additional information about how we use, share, disclose, and otherwise process your protected health information. For additional information about our processing of consumer health data beyond your protected health information, please refer to our Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy.

If you provide us with Personal Data related to anyone other than yourself (such as a patient or family member), please note that you are responsible for complying with all privacy and data protection laws prior to providing that information to Dexcom (including collecting consent, if required).

The Dexcom company, subsidiary, or affiliate with whom you, your employer, your Healthcare Provider, or your patient is interacting or the Dexcom company, subsidiary, or affiliate who owns and operates the Product or Service is, where applicable, the entity responsible for the collection and use of your Personal Data (known in some jurisdictions as the “data controller”). A list of the data controllers can be found here, and contact details can be found in the Contact Us section at the end of this Notice and in the list of data controllers.

Please review this Notice carefully. To the extent permitted by law, by providing us your Personal Data or otherwise interacting with us, you are agreeing to this Notice. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, it is your choice not to use our Products and Services or otherwise engage with us.
Personal Data Collected, Purposes, and Recipients
What is Personal Data?

Personal Data is any information—as electronically or otherwise recorded—that can be used to identify a person or that we can link to or associate with a specific individual, such as a name, address, email address, or telephone number. Personal Data in some countries can include information that indirectly identifies a person, even absent other identifying information.

Personal Data may include information considered sensitive in some countries, such as biometric information, genetic information, health information, financial account information, specific geolocation, ethnic or racial origin, information concerning your sex life or your sexual orientation, social security number, driver’s license number, state identification card number, passport number, and other similar information. Personal Data that could be considered sensitive Personal Data under any law is indicated with a caret (^) in the chart below.

We will process any Personal Data we collect in accordance with law and as described in this Notice (unless, as explained above, a separate policy or notice governs). In some circumstances, if you do not provide us with certain Personal Data, there may be some Products and Services that are unavailable to you.

We may include third-party features or integrations for your optional use. For example, we may integrate with third party health apps or application programming interfaces (APIs) such as Apple HealthKit or Google Health Connect. Such data may include other nutrition/diet/food diary, hydration logs, sleep, heart rate, heart rate variability, body temperature, activity, exercise, daily calories burned, weight, body mass, and is used to help you understand how activity choices and glucose impact your body. Your use of these optional integrations is voluntary, and you have the ability to change or revoke the authorization of data sharing.  Dexcom’s use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the Google API Services User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements and we will not sell Health Connect data to third parties. This Notice does not apply to any personal data that you provide directly to a third-party feature or integration.

The below table is a high-level summary of the types of Personal Data we may collect from you. Following that high-level summary is additional detail and information on how we collect, process, and use Personal Data and the potential recipients of your Personal Data, now and in the preceding 12 months. Some countries require us to state the legal bases for processing your Personal Data, which are the legally recognized reasons for processing your Personal Data, but please note that not all countries recognize all legal bases. The types of Personal Data we collect and disclose depends on your relationship with Dexcom. Not all of the categories listed in the following charts may apply to you. If the nature of your relationship with Dexcom changes, additional categories of Personal Data may also apply.
 	
Identity and Contact Information 	Demographic Information 	Video, Audio, and Recorded Information 	Technical Information 	Health Information 	Commercial and Financial Information 	Professional and Educational Information 	Anonymized / De-Identified Data
	This may include name, email, phone number, etc. 	This may include age, gender, disability, etc. 	This may include photos, video, call, or chat recordings, etc. b 	This may include Internet Protocol (IP) address, rowser, device type, etc. 	This may include information related to your health condition and treatment, etc. 	This may include financial information, order information, etc. 	This may include job title or position, employer, etc. 	Data that removes individual personal data
Users of Online Services 	X 	X^ 	X 	X 	X^ 	X 	X 	X
Patients and Users of Our Products 	X^ 	X^ 	X^ 	X^ 	X^ 	X^ 	X^ 	X
Individuals Who Contact Us 	X 		X^ 	X 	X^ 		X 	X
Patients Applying to or Enrolled in Patient Support Programs 	X 	X 	X^ 	X 	X^ 	X^ 	X 	X
Business Partners and Their Employees, Agents, and Contractors 	X 	X 		X 		X^ 	X 	X
Healthcare Providers 	X 		X^ 	X 		X^ 	X 	X
Attendees and Participants at Events 	X 	X 	X^ 	X 	X^ 	X^ 	X 	X
Clinical Investigators and Members of Investigator Teams 	X 	X 	X^ 	X 			X 	X
Clinical Study Candidates 	X 	X^ 	X^ 	X 	X^ 	X^ 	X 	X
Employment and Apprenticeship Candidates 	X 	X^ 		X 			X 	X
Children* 	X 	X^ 	X^ 	X 	X^ 			X

Personal Data that may be considered sensitive is noted with a “^”.

*Dexcom may process Personal Data of minors who are users of a Dexcom Product. In those instances, Dexcom seeks consent from the minor’s parents or legal guardians to process their Personal Data. Dexcom does not knowingly collect, maintain, disclose, or otherwise process Personal Data from minors below the age of 16 in other circumstances, including through Online Services or Interactions. *The legal bases relied upon by Dexcom include those enumerated in Articles 6 and 9 of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

**In limited circumstances, recipients may include, (1) in the event of a sale, assignment, merger, consolidation, corporate reorganization, or transfer, to the buyer, assignee, or transferee; and (2) government or regulatory officials, law enforcement, courts, public authorities, or others when permitted by this Notice or required by law. Further information regarding the circumstances under which we may share your Personal Data based on our legal requirements is below under the header “Sharing your Personal Data Based on Legal Requirements.”

***Please see our Cookie Policy for more information on how we use cookies and similar technologies.

****This includes the removal of identifiers from protected health information required under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”), 45 CFR § 164.514(b)(2). We will not attempt to reidentify you or anyone else from this de-identified data, and if we disclose it to third parties, we will require that they not attempt to reidentify you or anyone else from the de-identified data.

+ When we discuss scientific research within this Notice, we mean research performed in order to assess quality assurance, case studies, and research to improve our Products and Services, including usability research. This does not refer to clinical studies, the creation of generalizable knowledge, or the development of information for regulatory approval of new medical devices, all of which may be subject to a separate notice.
Sharing Your Personal Data Based on Legal Requirements

Dexcom takes its legal obligations to ensure the ongoing safety of its medical devices seriously. As a result, we may be required from time to time to share Personal Data with regulatory authorities responsible for the quality and safety of medical devices. We only share your Personal Data in connection with such requests when we are legally required to do so, and, when possible, we de-identify, pseudonymize, aggregate, and/or anonymize the Personal Data before it is shared.

In addition, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data to respond to requests from a competent law enforcement body, regulatory or government agency, court, or other third party where we believe the disclosure is necessary or appropriate to:

    comply with a regulatory requirement, judicial proceeding, court order, government request, or legal process served on us;

    protect the safety, rights, or property of our customers, the public, Dexcom, or others;

    exercise, establish, or defend Dexcom’s legal rights;

    investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of this Privacy Notice;

    prepare for or conduct a business transaction or reorganization, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing or sale of company assets, reorganization or in the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, receivership, or insolvency; or

    produce as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.

Your Personal Data may be subject to U.S. laws, as well as laws of other places and jurisdictions, and may be shared or accessible by the governments, courts, law enforcement, regulatory agencies, and others of each and/or every of those places or jurisdictions as described above.
Special Note to Individuals in the United States

If you are a patient, please note that this Notice is distinct from our, as well as your Health Care Provider’s, HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices, which describes how we or your Healthcare Provider use and disclose your protected health information, as well as any other privacy practices applied. Please see our Notice of Privacy Practices for more information. For additional information about our processing of consumer health data beyond your HIPAA-covered protected health information, please refer to our Consumer Health Data Privacy Notice.

ADDITIONAL U.S. STATE PRIVACY DISCLOSURES

This section contains additional information relevant to residents of certain US states that have their own laws and regulations regarding data privacy, including the rights that may be available to residents of these states upon the effective dates of the state laws and regulations. This content supplements our Privacy Notice and includes our Notice at Collection under California law.

This section does not address or apply to information or practices that are not subject to the currently effective state privacy laws, such as publicly available information; data that is not considered personal information; certain health information governed by HIPAA (which is governed by our Notice of Privacy Practices found at <https://www.dexcom.com/notice-of-privacy-practices>) and other state and federal laws; activities covered by the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Separately, information on our processing of Personal Data about job applicants and employees can be found on our careers’ page and on our Company intranet, respectively.

Personal Data Disclosures, Sales and Targeted Advertising

We collect and disclose Personal Data in the ways described in the Personal Data Collected, Purposes, and Recipients section above. Our disclosure of Personal Data to the following categories of third parties qualifies as the “sale” of Personal Data or the sharing or processing of Personal Data for the purpose of displaying advertisements that are selected based on Personal Data obtained or inferred over time from an individual’s activities across businesses or distinctly-branded websites, applications, or other services (otherwise known as “targeted advertising” or “cross-context behavioral advertising”) under certain privacy laws:

    advertising networks

    social networks

Any such sharing or sale will be in accordance with applicable legal requirements. Depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to limit or opt-out of the sale of Personal Data or the processing of Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising (as described in the Your U.S. Privacy Choices section below).

We do not “sell” the personal information of known minors under 18 years of age or share such information for targeted advertising purposes.

Sensitive Personal Data

The following Personal Data elements we collect may be classified as “sensitive” under certain privacy laws:

    Account log-in, financial account, debit card or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password or credentials allowing access to an account.

    Race, ethnicity or national origin

    Genetic data

    Health data, including information regarding an individual’s medical history, physical health condition, or medical treatment or diagnosis

    Personal information collected from a known child under the age of 18

We use this Sensitive Personal Data as set forth in the Personal Data Collected, Purposes, and Recipients section above. Depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to limit, or withdraw your consent for, our processing of Sensitive Personal Data (as described in the Your U.S. Privacy Choices section below).

Deidentified Information

We may at times receive, or process personal data to create, deidentified information that can no longer reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular individual or household. Where we maintain deidentified information, we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and not attempt to reidentify the information except as required or permitted by law.
Your U.S. Privacy Choices

Depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to exercise some or all of the following rights:

    Right to Know/Access: To confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Data and to access it.

    Right to Correction: To correct inaccuracies in your Personal Data, taking into account the nature of the Personal Data and the purposes of the processing of your Personal Data.

    Right to Deletion: To delete Personal Data provided by, obtained about, or concerning you.

    Right of Portability: To obtain a copy of the Personal Data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit your Personal Data to another controller or business where the processing does not disclose trade secrets.

    Right to Control Over Sensitive Personal Data: The right to exercise control over our collection and processing of certain Sensitive Personal Data.

    Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising: To opt-out of the use and sharing of your Personal Data for certain targeted advertising purposes,

    Right to Opt-Out of Sales: The right to direct us not to sell personal data to third parties. The “sale” of Personal Data is broadly defined under certain laws to encompasses an exchange for valuable consideration. However, we do not "sell" any consumer data in the traditional sense for monetary compensation.

Submitting Privacy Rights Requests

Please submit a request specifying the right you wish to exercise by:

    Completing our online form found here; or

    Calling out toll-free U.S. telephone number: 1-866-384-4277

    Writing to us at:

    Dexcom, Inc.,

    Attn: Data Privacy Officer

    6340 Sequence Drive

    San Diego, CA 92121,

    United States of America.

To exercise your right to opt-out as it relates to the use of cookies and related technologies that involve the “sale” of Personal Data or the use and sharing of Personal Data for targeted advertising purposes, please click the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of our website or access our cookie preference manager and select your choices. If you are visiting our site with the Global Privacy Control enabled, any cookies that constitute sales or are used for targeted advertising should already be turned off automatically in our cookie preference manager.

In addition, you can opt-out of cookie-based sales by businesses that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) by visiting: www.aboutads.info/choices and youradchoices.com/appchoices. You can also opt-out of cookie-based sales by businesses that participate in the DAA’s CCPA Opt-Out Tool by visiting https://www.privacyrights.info/.

Please note that these opt-out mechanisms are browser and device specific. If you wish to opt-in and/or opt-out of interest-based advertising across browsers and devices, you need to make your choices in each browser and device you use.

To opt-out of any other potential “sale” of Personal Data or the use and sharing of Personal Data for targeted advertising purposes, please submit a request through our webform or write to us at Dexcom, Inc., Attn: Data Privacy Officer, 6340 Sequence Drive, San Diego, CA 92121, United States of America.

Please be aware that if you opt out of receiving interest-based advertising, you will still be served with advertisements, but they will no longer be targeted to your specific interests gathered across different websites over time.

Before processing your request to exercise certain rights (including the Right to Know, Access & Portability, Correction, and Deletion), we will need to verify your identity and confirm you are a resident of a state that offers the requested right(s). In order to verify your identity, we will generally either require the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. As a result, we recommend including the following information in connection with requests submitted through our online form and toll-free number: first and last name, email address, phone number, state of residency and/or the date of your last transaction with us.

In certain circumstances, we may decline or limit your request, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or where you are not a resident of one of the eligible states.

Instructions for Authorized Agents and Parents Making Requests

You may also use an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. Authorized agents may submit such requests at https://privacyrequest.dexcom.com/privacy. An authorized agent must have your signed permission to submit a request on your behalf. Before completing requests from authorized agents, we may contact you directly to confirm you’ve given your permission and/or to verify your identity.

If you wish to submit a privacy request on behalf of your minor child in accordance with applicable law, you must provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify your child is the person about whom we collected Personal Data and you are authorized to submit the request on your child’s behalf

Right Against Discrimination: Depending on your state of residency, you may also have the right to not receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment in connection with a request to exercise the above rights.

Right to Appeal: If we decline or are unable to take action regarding your request, we will notify you by providing our reasons. Depending on your state of residency, you may be able to appeal a decision we have made in connection with your privacy rights request. All appeal requests should be submitted by emailing us at <privacy@dexcom.com> with the subject line, “Privacy Request Appeal.”

In the event that we decline to take action on a request exercising one of your rights set forth above, you may have the right to appeal our decision to your local Attorney General.

    Colorado Residents: If your appeal is denied, you may contact the Colorado Attorney General to address your concerns here.

    Connecticut Residents: If your appeal is denied, you may contact the Connecticut Attorney General to submit a complaint here.

    Virginia Residents: If your appeal is denied, you may contact the Virginia Attorney General to submit a complaint here.

CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS

The following disclosures only apply to residents of the state of California.

Categories of Personal Information We Collect

California law requires we provide disclosures to you about what personal data we collect by reference to the enumerated categories of personal data set forth within California law. We may collect the following categories of personal information via our Services:

    Identifiers such as name, postal address, phone number, email address, online identifiers;

    Internet, network or other electronic activity information relating to your interaction with our websites or advertisements;

    Audio, electronic, visual or similar information (such as CCTV or video information if you visit a physical site or event);

    Sensitive Personal Data, as described above; and

    Inferences drawn from any of the information above to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences and characteristics.

NEVADA RESIDENTS

If you are a resident of the state of Nevada in the United States, you have the right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Data. Although we do not currently sell personal data of Nevada residents (as defined under Nevada law), you may submit a request to opt-out of the sale of your personal data by emailing us at <privacy@dexcom.com>.
Marketing, Cookies, and Analytics

To the extent permitted by law, including with your consent where required, we may engage in the following activities:

    We may use your contact details to contact you to determine whether you would like to initiate a business relationship with us or to send you marketing emails. If you do not wish to receive such marketing emails, you may opt out by declining to receive such emails when registering, in our subsequent communications by following opt-out or unsubscribe instructions included in the email, by contacting us at unsubscribe@dexcom.com, or at other information collection points while using the Online Services.

    We may collect Personal Data automatically through cookies and other technologies to provide functionality to our Products and Services; to recognize you across devices when using our Products and Services; in each case where this is justified under applicable data protection law for our legitimate business purposes or with consent, where required. These legitimate business purposes include evaluating information about the use of our Products and Services and identifying trends; developing or enhancing our Products and Services; providing an experience tailored to you when you use our Products and Services; effecting certain security controls; and identifying the advertisements and offers we think may interest you so that we may display them to you when you use our Products and Services.

    We may display advertisements to you regarding Products and Services that we believe are relevant to you based on your activities while using our Products or Services or on other web or digital properties. Such advertisements may be shown to you while you are using our Products or Services or while you are using the online services of others. We achieve this by using, and allowing third parties (including social media companies) to use certain cookies, eTags, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to track your activities while using our Products or Services or while using other online services. For more information about these activities and how to manage or opt out of them, please see our Cookie Policy or contact us.

    We may make offers to you based on your activities or interactions with Dexcom that are not through online Products and Services (for example, regional offers based on the location of your office listed on order forms).

    We also perform statistical analyses of the users of our Products and Services to improve the functionality, content, design, and navigation of the Products and Services.

With respect to browser-based identifiers, in order to opt-out of advertising and analytics cookies/pixels on the browser level please navigate to dexcom.com and click on the blue and white shield icon in the lower left-hand corner of the website. Please confirm your choices in the window that appears and click on “Confirm My Choices”.

You may be able to opt out of or revoke your consent to, as applicable, receiving web-based personalized advertisements from companies who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative by going to http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1 or participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Program by going to http://www.aboutads.info/.

In addition, if you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site. Visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html for more information. If, however, you do not accept these cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Products and Services. For example, we may not be able to recognize your computer, and you may need to log in every time you visit.
Processing Using Website Tracking

On certain of our websites, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how users engage with this and other of our websites. Google Analytics may track your activity in connection with our Online Services (specifically, the web pages you have seen and the links you have clicked on) and helps us measure how you interact with the content that we provide. This information is used to compile reports and to help us improve the Online Services. The reports we receive disclose website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners and you can exercise the opt-out provided by Google by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout or as described in our Cookie Policy. We will not undertake such activities without your consent where such consent is required.
Do-Not-Track Signals and GPC Signals

Certain web browsers and other programs may transmit “opt-out” signals, also called a Global Privacy Control (or GPC) signals or Do-Not-Track signals , to websites with which the browser communicates. Please note that we do not have the ability to recognize or honor browser do-not-track or similar signals at this time.

We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information and a request to opt out of the use of personal information for targeted advertising where applicable.
Interactive Features of our Websites

To the extent we offer any public or group forums on our Products and Services, such as newsfeeds, blogs, message boards, or similar tools (Interactive Features), the posts or comments you make may be public and viewed by others. You should use care before posting information about yourself, including Personal Data. Because these are public postings, you should have no expectation of privacy or confidentiality in the content you submit to Interactive Features in connection with the Products and Services. Your disclosure of any Personal Data through the Interactive Features is at your own risk.
Service Providers and Third Parties

Service providers or vendors (or processors) acting on our behalf must execute agreements requiring them to maintain confidentiality and to process Personal Data only to provide the services to us and in a way that aligns with this Notice, other applicable privacy notices, and as explicitly permitted or required by applicable laws, rules, and regulations. Our processors and subprocessors can be located in the United States, Canada, UK, Europe, Australia, Japan, South Korea, and the Philippines, among other locations.
Combination of Data with Data Received from Third Parties and Affiliates

We may combine information we collect, including Personal Data, with Personal Data that we may obtain from third parties. Dexcom may jointly use your Personal Data to provide you with the Products and Services requested, including joint use with Dexcom affiliates, as well as third parties who assist or partner with us to provide you with Products and Services. For the specific affiliates or third parties who may jointly use your data, please contact us.
Links to Other Websites

Our Products and Services may contain links to other websites, applications, products, or services that are not owned or operated by Dexcom. Such links do not imply an endorsement with respect to any third party, any website, or the products or services provided thereby. You should carefully review the privacy policies and practices of other websites, products, and services as we cannot control and are not responsible for privacy policies, notices, or practices of third party websites, applications, products, and services.
Your Rights Regarding Your Personal Data

Depending on where you live, you may have the following rights with respect to some or all of your Personal Data:

    To request information about whether, and how, we process your Personal Data

    To request access to and a copy of your Personal Data, including to provide your Personal Data directly to another organization (called, in some locations, a right to data portability)

    To request that we correct or update your Personal Data

    To request that we delete your Personal Data

    To request that we restrict or block or to object to or opt-out of the processing of your Personal Data, including your sensitive Personal Data

    To appeal the denial of a request; and

    To lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in your jurisdiction.

In the event you wish to make a complaint about how we process your Personal Data or to appeal the denial of one of your requests, please contact us. Even if you make a complaint to us, you may always lodge a complaint with the relevant privacy or data protection authority in your location.

We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of the rights described above, although we may not be able to continue to provide you with certain Products and Services or it may otherwise affect the way we are able to interact with you.

We will make reasonable efforts to respond promptly to your requests. We may, after receiving your request, require additional information from you to honor your request and verify your identity. Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.

When we receive your Personal Data from others, including your Healthcare Provider, and process your Personal Data on their behalf, we may do so at their request and subject to their instructions. In that case, we do not have control over their privacy and security practices and processes. If your Personal Data has been submitted to us by a third party, we may need to ask you to contact them directly or we may be able to contact them on your behalf. If we need you to contact them directly, we will let you know.
Safeguarding Personal Data

Consistent with applicable laws and requirements, Dexcom has put in place physical, technical, and administrative safeguards designed to protect Personal Data from loss, misuse, alteration, theft, unauthorized access, and unauthorized disclosure consistent with legal obligations and industry practices. However, as is the case with all websites, applications, products, and services, we unfortunately are not able to guarantee security for data collected through our Products and Services. In addition, it is your responsibility to safeguard any passwords, identification or ID numbers, or similar individual information associated with your use of the Products and Services.
How Long Your Personal Data Will Be Kept

We generally retain Personal Data for as long as needed for the specific purpose or purposes for which it was collected or obtained, and as outlined in this Notice. In some cases, we may be required to retain Personal Data for a longer period of time by law or for other necessary or required purposes. Whenever possible, we aim to de-identify or anonymize your Personal Data or otherwise remove some or all information that may identify you from records that we may need to keep for periods beyond the specified retention period. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include: (i) the length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you; (ii) whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject that affects the length of time we need to keep your Personal Data; and (iii) whether retention is determined to be necessary for Dexcom due to limitation periods, litigation, or other legal or regulatory obligations. Dexcom takes reasonable steps to dispose of Personal Data upon the expiration of retention periods, taking into consideration these litigation, legal, or regulatory obligations.
Transfer of Personal Data

We operate in various countries throughout the world, including, but not limited to, the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, the European Union, Japan, South Korea, and the Philippines. Please be aware that Personal Data we collect and process may be transferred and maintained outside your state, province, country, or other jurisdiction, country, or location where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your location, including the United States. Dexcom has put in place lawful transfer mechanisms and appropriate safeguards, in accordance with its legal requirements, to protect your Personal Data, including but not limited to Standard Contractual Clauses. Where you have given consent for optional services available in our mobile applications, we transfer your Personal Data under standard or model contractual clauses approved or required by the relevant country or jurisdiction that provide certain obligations to protect your Personal Data, along with additional appropriate technical safeguards where necessary.
Changes to This Privacy Notice

We reserve the right to change this Notice from time to time. We will alert you when changes have been made by indicating the date this Notice was last updated as the date the Notice became effective or as otherwise may be required by law. It is recommended that you periodically revisit this Notice to learn of any changes.

Contact Us

If you have questions or comments about this Notice or about how your Personal Data is processed, or to exercise your privacy rights, please contact us by one of the methods below:

Privacy Portal: Linked here.
United States

Email: <privacy@dexcom.com>
Mail: Dexcom, Inc.

Attn: Data Privacy Officer

6340 Sequence Drive

San Diego, CA 92121

United States of America

Phone: 1-844-607-8398
Canada

Email: <privacy@dexcom.com>

Mail: Dexcom, Inc.

501-4445 Lougheed Highway

Burnaby, BC V5C 0E4

Canada

Phone: 1-844-832-1810
Europe

Email: <germanydpo@dexcom.com>

Mail: Dexcom Deutschland GmbH

Attention: Data Protection Officer

Dexcom Deutschland GmbH

Haifa-Allee 2

55128 Mainz

Germany
