Welcome to Omada. We take your privacy seriously, and we want you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and share personal information from you. Please carefully read this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) because it contains important information about your legal rights. 

This Privacy Policy forms a part of the Terms of Use, which are binding terms between you and us. In this Privacy Policy, “us,” “we,” and “Omada” refer to Omada Health, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (and the Professional Entities described in the footnote below). Any capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy will have the meanings given to those terms in the Terms of Use. 

This Privacy Policy applies to your access to and use of the following services, which we refer to together as the “Services”:

    our digitally based health care programs (the “Omada Programs”);
    our mobile applications, including Omada and Omada for Joint & Muscle Health (the “Apps”);
    the websites that we operate (including go.omadahealth.com and www.omadahealth.com) (the “Sites”); and 
    all related services and features that we provide.

Throughout this Privacy Policy, we distinguish between individuals that use different aspects of our Services with the following terms:

    “Omada Members” refers to individuals that apply for, register for, and/or enroll in one or more Omada Programs as they interact with the Omada Program(s) and/or use the App(s); and
    “Site Visitors” refers to individuals that visit the Sites and other aspects of our Services while not interacting with the Omada Program and/or using the App(s) as Omada Members.

In this Privacy Policy, we describe how we collect, maintain, use, disclose, and process certain information about you. By accessing or using any aspects of the Services, you consent to this Privacy Policy and to our collection, maintenance, use, disclosure, and processing of Personal Information, all as described in this Privacy Policy. 

If you are an Omada Member, you also expressly acknowledge that you have read and understood our Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices. Our Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices describes how we may use and disclose health information that we receive as we deliver health care to you through the Omada Program(s), including in the application process for Omada Programs. We use this information for treatment, payment, or health care operations and for other purposes that are permitted or required by applicable laws, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended from time to time (“HIPAA”). For Omada Members, to the extent there is any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices, the Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices will control.

In addition, for Omada Members and Site Visitors located in certain U.S. states, additional information regarding our privacy practices under state-specific privacy laws is available here.
WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY?

Protection and use of Personal Information are important parts of our business. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, maintain, use, disclose, and process your Personal Information, which includes, among other things, how we gather, store, evaluate, modify, delete, combine, share, and transfer that information. 

We will not rent or sell your Personal Information, and we will not permit the business partners that we engage to provide our Services to rent or sell your Personal Information either. In addition, we will not share your Personal Information with third parties for their own purposes, except where authorized, directed, or instructed by you (as described below) and except, for Omada Members, where those disclosures are described in our Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices (such as disclosures of Protected Health Information to your other health care providers or to other entities that have certain relationships with you under HIPAA). We may transfer Personal Information in connection with a transfer of part of our business, but if we do, we would require that the successor entity comply with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.

In some cases, you may instruct us to share information with non-affiliated companies. For example, you may direct, instruct, or authorize us to share information, including sensitive health information, with Apple HealthKit or similar services from Google or with other online companies with which you interact. When you choose to instruct us to share information with non-affiliated companies, visit websites from Third-Party Providers or use Third-Party Offerings, those companies will not be bound by any of the promises in our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, or Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices. These promises and terms do not apply to the practices of any third parties that we do not control or the products or services that they provide. For more information on Third-Party Offerings and Third-Party Providers, please review the Terms of Use. You are solely responsible for understanding the terms of use and privacy policies of those non-affiliated companies and how they use and maintain your information.
WHAT DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER?

This Privacy Policy covers how we use and disclose Personal Information that we gather from you, beginning at the time that you first access one of our Sites or Apps and on an ongoing basis as you use or access the Sites, the Apps, the Omada Programs, or other aspects of our Services. As a healthcare provider, Omada is also dedicated to maintaining the privacy and integrity of the protected health information that we receive from Omada Members through online clinical screeners or as part of applications for or participation in the Omada Programs, including the health information we collect through digital devices that are used in connection with the Omada Programs. 

Personal Information – In General

In this Privacy Policy, we use the term “Personal Information” to refer to information we gather that could be used to identify or contact you and any identifiable information we gather concerning your use or potential use of the Services. Examples of Personal Information include your first and last name, your personal profile information, your email address or other contact information, and all User Submissions. Your Personal Information that we receive may include “personal information” as that term is defined by relevant laws and regulations, including those in California and the other U.S. states that have enacted consumer privacy laws (the “Applicable States”), where those laws apply. Residents of these states may refer to our Supplemental State Privacy Notice for more information on their rights.

Protected Health Information

In this Privacy Policy, we use the terms “Protected Health Information” or “PHI” to refer to the subset of Personal Information that we create, receive, transmit, or maintain as part of an Omada Member’s registration, application for, or participation in an Omada Program or that an Omada Member supplies as part of our online clinical screeners, where that information relates to (a) the Omada Member’s past, present, or future physical or mental health or condition; (b) the provision of healthcare to the Omada Member; or (c) the Omada Member’s past, present, or future payment for that healthcare. Federal and state law afford Omada Members certain rights with respect to any access to, use of, or disclosure of their PHI. In addition, our Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices provides additional important information about how we may use and disclose PHI from Omada Members. 

Your privacy is important to us, and we are committed to carefully managing your Personal Information in connection with the Services that we provide. 
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?

We collect Personal Information from you and certain devices that you may use, as further described below. For Omada Members, this includes information collected through clinical screeners, applications, registrations, eligibility checks (including those on our Sites and in our Apps and those available through business partners that we work with to enable individuals to check coverage for Omada Programs directly from those sites), and your use of the Apps and the Omada Programs. For Site Visitors, this includes Personal Information that you may provide to us through the Sites. For both Omada Members and Site Visitors, we also receive some Personal Information that is collected automatically, as further described below. We may also collect Personal Information through third-party sources (including data brokers, as that term is defined under applicable laws), such as email service providers. We also collect Personal Information in connection with inquiries you may make through the Sites, the Omada Programs, or the Apps. Collection starts from the time that you initially access our Services.

Information that we gather enables us:

    to provide you with the Services, 
    to manage Omada Members’ accounts,
    to send you communications regarding the services we offer, 
    to respond to your inquiries, 
    to obtain your feedback on our Services,
    to understand who is using our Services and how the Services are performing,
    to otherwise review behavior and activity of Omada Members and Site Visitors, 
    to personalize and improve our Services, 
    to conduct research activities, 
    to manage the security of the Services, and
    to fulfill any requirements imposed on us by applicable laws and regulations.

From time to time, we may obtain information about you from third parties and may use, add to, or update Personal Information that we have about you using information obtained from those third parties. For example, we may obtain contact information from third parties or use third-party information to confirm contact or financial information, to verify your coverage eligibility for an Omada Program, or to better understand your interests by associating demographic information with the information that you have provided. As a healthcare provider, we may also receive information about Omada Members from other entities in the healthcare system, such as an Omada Member’s other healthcare providers, an Omada Member’s insurance company, or health data exchanges that enable those entities to share Protected Health Information for legally permitted purposes. 

In some cases, you will provide Personal Information to us in connection with your use of the Services, and if you are an Omada Member, that Personal Information may include Protected Health Information. In other cases, we may collect this information automatically when you visit or interact with the Sites, the Apps, or other aspects of the Services. We provide more detail below on the types of Personal Information that you provide and the types of Personal Information that we collect automatically: 

Personal Information that You Provide to Us

Information that You Provide Directly. We receive and store any information that you enter on our Sites or through one of our Apps; information collected through clinical screeners, applications, registrations, eligibility checks (including those on our Sites and in our Apps and those available through business partners that we work with to enable individuals to check coverage for Omada Programs directly from those sites); information that you share with us by email or phone; information that you provide through the Generative AI Features (as further described in the “Information that You Provide to Our Generative AI Features” section below), and any other information that you provide to us through the Services. Personal Information that you provide may include your full name, gender, username and password, contact information (e.g., your phone number, your email address and the email address of your contacts, home and business postal addresses), certain health information (e.g., weight, pre-existing medical conditions, blood glucose and blood pressure readings, information concerning your exercise, sleep, injuries, pain levels, prior courses of treatment, messages with our Care Teams, and other activities), health insurance information, User Submissions (as further described in our Terms of Use), credit card and/or other payment information (where applicable for participants who pay for their own participation in the Services), information that you provide to the Generative AI Features (e.g., inputs), and any other information or data that you provide when using our Services. If you are an Omada Member, you may also participate in video consultations as part of an Omada Program, and you acknowledge and agree that we may record these consultations for training purposes.

Information You Provide through Omada-Supplied Devices. If you are an Omada Member, we may enable you to share information with us in connection with the Omada Programs through digital equipment that we provide to you that assists you in tracking changes in your health or fitness. In many cases, the equipment supplies that information automatically to us and the applicable Omada Program. We refer to these devices as “Omada-Supplied Devices.” Most Omada-Supplied Devices are pre-configured to supply information to us and will share information about Omada Members and their health without requiring additional authorizations from the Omada Members. Examples of Personal Information that we may receive from Omada-Supplied Devices include weight, blood glucose readings, and blood pressure readings. You can find more information about Omada-Supplied Devices in our Terms of Use. 

Information that You Direct, Instruct, or Authorize Third-Party Data Sources to Provide. We also may enable you to share information with us from third parties who have received your information because you subscribe to or participate in their services. We refer to these sources of information as “Third-Party Data Sources.” For Omada Members, Third-Party Data Sources may include any digital equipment, such as blood glucose monitors or blood pressure monitors, that you already possess or that you later acquire on your own and not from us (“Third-Party Health Devices”). We may receive Personal Information about Omada Members through Third-Party Health Devices if the Omada Member enters that information manually through the Apps or the Sites or enables the device to supply information to us automatically. In addition to Third-Party Health Devices, Third-Party Data Sources may also include other third-party sources of data that you direct, instruct, or authorize to deliver information to us. For Omada Members, these Third-Party Data Sources may include external health care providers that have provided the Omada Member with a referral or a prescription and shared that information with Omada at the Omada Member’s direction, authorization, or instruction; health and wellness services such as Apple HealthKit and similar services from Google that the Omada Member may direct, instruct, or authorize to deliver information to us; or other digital companies that may assist Omada Members in checking their coverage for, applying for, or enrolling in Omada Program and that Omada Members direct, instruct, or authorize to deliver information to us. Examples of Omada Member Personal Information that we may receive from Third-Party Data Sources, including Third-Party Health Devices, include weight, blood glucose readings, blood pressure readings, and information concerning exercise, sleep, and other activities. You can find more information about Third-Party Data Sources, including Third-Party Health Devices, in our Terms of Use.

Information that You Provide to Our Generative AI Features. You may interact with features which make use of artificial intelligence, including large language models capable of generating new text, images, or other media (“Generative AI”). These features (the “Generative AI Features”) may also include interfaces or other mechanisms by which you are able to engage in voice or text communications that are intended to mimic human interactions and conversations, including through the use of Generative AI (the “Conversational AI”). When you engage with Generative AI Features, you may choose to submit text, images, or other materials to the Generative AI Features (“Inputs”), which generate responses based on your Inputs (“Outputs”). Outputs (and Personal Information that may be contained in Outputs) may be made available to your Care Team in order to inform your care. Our Generative AI Features may also have access to certain Personal Information that you have provided to us (including via Inputs and otherwise as set forth in the Personal Information You Provide to Us section above) in order to provide Outputs that are more relevant to you. 

We will use the Personal Information that you provide for the purposes described above (and any other purposes intrinsic to the Services that you use) and to provide you with an engaging and personalized experience in using the Services. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but if you do make that choice, we may be unable to provide you with access to or use of many of our features. 

Personal Information Shared with Us as Your Health Care Provider from Others

If you are an Omada Member, we may receive Personal Information, including Protected Health Information, about you from other parties in the health care system that are legally permitted to share that information with us as your health care provider under HIPAA. For example, third-party providers or health plans that have provided you with services, such as health insurance, prescriptions, or referrals, may share Personal Information, including Protected Health Information, about you with us. We may also obtain Personal Information, including Protected Health Information, about Omada Members from health information exchanges available to health care providers like us for purposes such as treatment and health care operations. This type of sharing is described in more detail in our Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices. 

Other Personal Information that We Have Licensed from Third Parties

We may license or otherwise collect information, including email addresses, other contact information, and other Personal Information, from third parties such as email database providers, content syndication platforms, or industry event hosts. If we email you using information collected from these sources, you may opt out of those emails by following the included instructions to unsubscribe in the same manner as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. If we combine or associate information from other sources with personal information or Protected Health Information that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information or Protected Health Information accordingly, in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

Personal Information Collected Automatically

In addition to any information that you provide to us through the Services or that we receive from others, we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that store or collect certain information from you automatically (or passively) when you visit or interact with the Sites, the Apps, or other aspects of the Services (“Usage Information”). This Usage Information may be stored or accessed using technologies downloaded to your device whenever you visit or interact with the Services. Examples of Usage Information include: your IP address, other unique device identifiers assigned to your device that allow our computers to recognize you, details of your device’s characteristics and functionality (e.g., browser, operating system, mobile network information), the areas within the Site, the Apps, or other aspects of the Services that you visit and your activities there, your device’s location, and certain other data regarding your device. 

To the extent we associate Usage Information with your Personal Information or Usage Information includes identifiable information, we will treat it as Personal Information. In addition, if you are an Omada Member, to the extent we associate Usage Information with your PHI or collect Usage Information through your application for or participation in Omada Programs, we protect that information as PHI under our Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices. 

Information from Your Browser or Device

We automatically receive and record Usage Information from your browser on our server logs whenever you interact with the Site, the Apps, or other aspects of the Services. We may use this Usage Information to provide you with customer service and support. We also may use this Usage Information to recognize you when you arrive at the Site from an external link, such as a link appearing on a third-party site or in an email generated by us. We discuss this type of technology in more detail under “Tracking Technologies” below. Our Services also collect Usage Information to determine how often Site Visitors and Omada Members use parts of the Site, the Apps, or other aspects of the Services so that we can improve our Services and strive to ensure that the Services appeal to as many users and customers as possible. 

You may set your browser to refuse or disable these data collection methods, but doing so may change your experience with the Sites, the Apps, or other aspects of the Services, diminish certain aspects of the Services’ functionality, or render certain features inoperable. For example, the Sites may not recognize or respond to your browser with “do not track” technologies employed.

Email Communications and Notifications

We may receive a confirmation when you open an email or notification from us if your device supports this type of confirmation. We use this confirmation to make our messages more interesting and helpful. If you are an Omada Member, you may adjust your email and notification preferences in the Apps, and you may change what types of notifications you receive on your mobile device by adjusting the device’s settings. You also may opt out of any emails we send that do not relate to an Omada Member’s account by following the included instructions to unsubscribe. If you would like assistance in unsubscribing from email communications, please contact us in any of the manners described at the end of this Privacy Policy. Please keep in mind that, by opting out of further email communications after you enroll in an Omada Program, you may limit program reminders and other valuable program content and components.

Tracking Technologies

We may use various tracking methods or technologies (“Tracking Technologies”) to store or collect your Usage Information, including information about your visits to or interactions with our Sites, the Apps, and other aspects of the Services. We use Tracking Technologies for a variety of purposes we believe to be necessary or helpful in improving or assessing the performance of the Services (for example, as part of our analytic practices) or in offering you enhanced functionality (for example, to identify Omada Members when they sign in, to keep track of your specified preferences, or to help ensure that the security of Omada Members’ accounts have not been compromised).

Tracking Technologies may include the following technologies and methods as well as any subsequent technologies and methods later developed to perform similar functions:

Cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your device through your browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to tell us how and when you visit pages in our Site or other aspects of the Services. We use cookies to enhance the experiences of Omada Members and Site Visitors by understanding how they engage with and navigate our Site and the Services. Regular cookies may be disabled or removed generally by adjusting certain settings available as part of most browsers. In some (but not all) cases, these tools can block those cookies in the future. Each browser that you use would need to be set separately, and different browsers offer different functionality and options in this regard. In addition, these tools may not be effective for certain types of cookies (e.g., Adobe Flash or HTML5 cookies). Your ability to limit cookies when you revisit our Site or Services is subject to your browser settings and limitations. Please note that, if you disable or remove cookies on your device, some parts of our Sites or other aspects of our Services may not function properly.

Embedded Scripts. An embedded script is programming code designed to collect information about your interactions with the Sites, the Apps, and other aspects of our Services, such as a link that you may click on. Embedded scripts are temporarily downloaded onto your device. Embedded scripts remain active only while you are connected to the Services and are then deactivated or deleted.

Web Beacons. The Services may also include small graphic images or other web programming code called “web beacons” (also known as “1×1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”). Any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a page or email can act as a web beacon, and web beacons may be invisible to you. Web beacons and similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including to count Site Visitors and Omada Members visiting the Services, to count how many sent emails were opened, to count how many articles or links were viewed, or to monitor how Site Visitors and Omada Members navigate the Services.

This Privacy Policy refers only to the use of cookies and other Tracking Technologies by Omada and does not cover the use of any Tracking Technologies by third-party advertisers or any other third parties. To confirm how any third party collects or uses your information, please refer to that third party’s website. As we mentioned above, we will not rent or sell your Personal Information to third parties or share your Personal Information with third parties for their own purposes, except where directed, instructed, or authorized by you.
WHO OWNS THE PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU DISCLOSE TO COMPANY?

You retain all ownership or license rights that you possess in your User Submissions (including any Personal Information and PHI), provided that when you use the Services or otherwise disclose or direct, instruct, or authorize others to disclose any User Submissions to us, you grant us a license to those User Submissions as described in our Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy, and, for Omada Members, our Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE SHARE?

The following sections describe certain circumstances when we may share your Personal Information:

Information from Omada Members that May Be Shared with Other Omada Members

If as an Omada Member, you access or use any Omada Program that includes a group or community component, other Omada Members will have access to a range of Personal Information that you may choose to share, as further described below. These other Omada Members may include your co-workers or other acquaintances. By accessing or using any such Omada Program, you authorize Omada to disclose to other Omada Members that you are clinically eligible for the Services and that you participate in relevant aspects of the Services, which may indicate that you meet the clinical enrollment criteria for relevant aspects of the Services and may identify you as living with or at risk for certain chronic diseases or conditions. 

If you enroll in an Omada Program, on your Omada Member profile page, you may provide information about your health, symptoms, and treatments, your feelings about your health information and/or yourself, or any other information about yourself. You may also upload pictures, videos, and stories to your Omada Member profile page. Any information that you choose to include in creating, completing, or updating your Omada Member profile page may be viewable by other Omada Members, and other Omada Members may be able to post comments and view posted comments on your Omada Member profile page. For Omada Members, certain summary information about your participation, such as the number of days in your latest weigh-in or activity streak, your general percentage of progress toward your goals, and your last activity date in the Omada Program (“Summary Information”) may also be visible to other Omada Members, but this Summary Information will not include personal biometrics such as your current weight or device readings. If you are an Omada Member, you must provide us with your legal name, but you are permitted to choose a nickname and/or a picture other than a photo of yourself for display in your Omada Member profile page viewable to other Omada Members. Your Care Team, however, will know your legal name.

In addition, if you are an Omada Member, in connection with your participation in an Omada Program, we may place you in an online peer group, and you may choose to enroll in other group-based communities that we may offer. The Site, the Apps, and other aspects of the Services may include the ability to interact with discussion boards, chat rooms, community pages, profile pages, bulletin boards, blogs, instant messaging or other messaging services, activities, polls, games, and other communication forums to which you post or otherwise make information or materials available (“Groups”). Please note that any information, text, and images that you post or disclose on or through the Groups may be visible to the present and future individuals in those groups or communities. For Omada Members, your Omada Member ID, Omada Member profile photo, and related Summary Information may also be viewable to other Omada Members when you send messages or when you disclose information on or through these Groups generally.

We take great care to protect your privacy, but please remember that we cannot control how other Omada Members will use or disclose any information that you share on your Omada Member profile page or disclose to Groups. We urge you to exercise discretion and caution when deciding to disclose information, including your health information and other Personal Information, on your Omada Member profile page, through a Group, or otherwise through the Services. 
WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF ANY INFORMATION, INCLUDING PERSONAL INFORMATION, THAT IS DISCLOSED TO OTHERS BY YOU OR ON YOUR BEHALF ON YOUR OMADA MEMBER PROFILE PAGE OR TO GROUPS OR OTHER PUBLIC-FACING FEATURES OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING DISCUSSION BOARDS, CHAT ROOMS, MESSAGING SERVICES, OR OTHER GROUPS DESCRIBED ABOVE. BY DISCLOSING ANY OF YOUR INFORMATION THROUGH THESE FEATURES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND ACCEPT ANY RISK AND DAMAGE ARISING FROM THE DISCLOSURE OF THAT INFORMATION.

Communications in Response to User Submissions

As part of the Services, you will receive from us email and other communications relating to your User Submissions. By posting User Submissions, you acknowledge and agree that we may send you email, SMS/MMS mobile/text messages (“Text Messages”), phone calls, and other communications that we determine in our sole discretion relate to your User Submissions.

Information Shared with Our Agents

We employ other people and companies to perform tasks on our behalf, and we must share your information with them in order to provide products and/or services to you. For example, you may check your eligibility or begin applications for Omada Programs through connected capabilities that our business partners offer as our agents, and we may share certain information with those business partners as they enable those checks and related services. By accessing or using the Services, you consent to and authorize Omada to disclose Personal Information about you to our authorized personnel and administrators, including, for Omada Members, our Care Teams and other authorized agents. We require any people or companies assisting us with tasks to agree to appropriate privacy and security assurances and limitations on this use of your Personal Information. Unless we have your authorization or consent, we do not permit these agents to rent or sell any of the Personal Information about you that they receive from us or to use the Personal Information for their own purposes. In addition, to the extent we share PHI with these agents, we only share with them the amount of PHI that is minimally necessary to assist us, and our contracts with these companies require them to comply with HIPAA. We do not share your Personal Information with developers of large language models for Generative AI Features for their improvement of their own models or otherwise for their own purposes.

Information Shared with Other Entities Permitted by HIPAA, including Sponsors, Third-Party Administrators, External Health Care Providers, and their Agents

If you are an Omada Member, we may, in our sole discretion, share, transfer, or otherwise disclose certain of your Personal Information and PHI to entities that are authorized to receive that information for legally permitted purposes under HIPAA. 

Under certain circumstances and subject to certain limitations specified under HIPAA or other applicable law, we may share, transfer, or otherwise disclose Personal Information and PHI to the companies paying for your participation in an Omada Program, including their agents and third-party administrators. 

We also may share, transfer, or otherwise disclose Personal Information and PHI to other health care providers or entities that have certain relationships with you under HIPAA (including their agents), either directly or through health information exchanges available to health care providers like us. 

This type of sharing is described in more detail in our Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices. We only share Protected Health Information from Omada Members in accordance with HIPAA and other applicable legal requirements.

Promotional Offers and Related Communication Preferences

From time to time, we may send you promotional communications by email. You may manage your receipt of these email communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of the email. We will process opt-out requests within the time required by law, if not faster, but you may receive additional offers as we process your request. If you are an Omada Member, you may also update your preferences for communications in your Omada Member profile. Please note that Omada Members cannot opt out of receiving certain transactional emails related to their account (such as an email notifying you of an update to these terms). 

We will never disclose your Personal Information to other businesses for their own purposes unless you direct, instruct, or authorize us to do so, except, for Omada Members, where those disclosures are described in our Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices (such as disclosures of Protected Health Information to your other health care providers or to other entities that have certain relationships with you under HIPAA). In certain circumstances, such as when Site Visitors register for a webinar, you may share your Personal Information with us and with a third-party co-sponsor simultaneously, which we will make clear. As mentioned above, you may choose to share information with non-affiliated companies or to direct, instruct, or authorize us to share information about you with non-affiliated companies, in which case, those companies will not be bound by any of the promises in our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, or Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices. You are solely responsible for understanding the terms of use and privacy policies of those non-affiliated companies and how they use and maintain your information.

Information Available to App Providers

By downloading any of the Apps from an App Provider, such as the Apple App Store or Google Play, please note that the App Provider and its agents may be able to identify you as an Omada Member or other user of our Services.

Information Shared with Other Businesses We Do Not Control 

To provide you with the optimal user experience, our Services may enable you to contact third-party businesses for related services or products. For example, we may enable Omada Members to contact external, third-party health care providers that can provide referrals for treatment or prescriptions. In other situations, we may provide services or sell products jointly with affiliated businesses. You should be able to recognize when a third-party business is associated with your transactions. 

Sharing at Your Direction. In certain circumstances, you may choose to instruct, direct, or authorize us to share information with these third-party businesses pursuant to their own terms of use and privacy policies. In these circumstances, you are solely responsible for understanding the terms of use and privacy policies of those businesses and how they use and maintain your information. 

Sharing When Permitted by Law. In other circumstances, where these third-party businesses are authorized to receive PHI about you for permitted purposes under HIPAA, we may share, transfer, or otherwise disclose certain of your PHI to these third-party businesses, as further described earlier in this Privacy Policy and in our Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices. In these circumstances, those third-party businesses will be responsible for using and protecting your PHI in compliance with HIPAA. 

In either case, these third-party businesses will not be bound by any of the promises in Omada’s Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, or Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices.

Referrals to Family, Colleagues, and Friends

From time to time, we may ask or invite you to refer our Services to family members, colleagues, or friends. We ask you to limit your invitations to people in your inner circle that may have an interest in our Services. In these cases, it is your responsibility to ensure that these persons are indeed family members or people with whom you have a personal relationship (based on frequency of communication, sharing of interests or opinions, etc.). If we refer one of these persons to the Services, we may inform them that you have suggested that they may be interested in trying our Services. If they request that we do not contact them again, we will not contact them again.

Our Business Transfers

We reserve the right to disclose and transfer all Personal Information to an operator of the Sites or of any of the Apps, Programs, or applicable databases, provided that the operator agrees to be bound by the applicable terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. We also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all Personal Information to a successor in interest of Omada in connection with a merger, consolidation, restructuring, or change of control, the sale of substantially all of our interests and/or assets, or another organizational change (including during the course of any due diligence process), provided that the successor entity agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.

Protection of Omada and Others

We may release your Personal Information when we believe in good faith that releasing that information is necessary to comply with applicable law or the subpoena or warrant of a court of law or similar authority with jurisdiction, to enforce our conditions of use and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Omada, our Care Teams, our other employees, Omada Members, Site Visitors, or others. We may exchange information with other companies and organizations to detect, suppress, or protect against fraud and for credit risk reduction. If necessary and required by law, we will disclose any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your Personal Information, including, without limitation, breaches of your unencrypted, electronically stored “personal information” or “medical information” (as defined by applicable laws). To the extent permitted by applicable laws, we may make these disclosures to you via email or a conspicuous posting on your private profile in the Services in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, so long as this is consistent with the legitimate needs of law enforcement and any other measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.

De-identified Data

As described in our Terms of Use, we may de-identify the User Submissions that you share with us, including any Personal Information, or otherwise process them so that they are no longer attributable to you without additional information (“De-identified Data”). We may use that De-identified Data without restriction in any way allowed by law. For example, we might use De-identified Data to understand, evaluate, or modify the Services, to generate statistical information about the Services that we share with our customers and other third parties who are evaluating, analyzing, accrediting, or researching Omada’s programs, or for our other business purposes. When an applicable law requires that we use a particular method of de-identifying data or rendering it no longer attributable to you, we will comply with that law. Otherwise, we may use a method that is appropriate under the circumstances and would not reasonably identify you. 
IS MY PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?

We employ industry-standard administrative, physical, and technical measures designed to safeguard and protect information under our control from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. In addition, when we collect, maintain, use, disclose, and process your Personal Information, we will do so using systems and processes consistent with the information privacy and security requirements of applicable federal and state laws, including, for Omada Members, HIPAA.

Your individual Omada Member account is also protected by a password for your privacy and security. To help avoid unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information, we suggest that you safeguard your password appropriately, limit access to your devices and browsers, and sign off after you have finished accessing your account.

In addition, to the extent that you are an Omada Member and your device permits our Apps to send you push notifications, we may send you push notifications that include Personal Information and, in limited instances, PHI that is not encrypted on your device. Similarly, to the extent you are an Omada Member and you provide us with permission to send you Text Messages, we may send you Text Messages that include Personal Information and, in limited instances, PHI that is not encrypted. Depending on your device settings, push notifications and Text Messages may be visible to other people who encounter your device. In most cases, you can opt out of receiving push notifications or change the visibility settings for push notifications and Text Messages by adjusting the settings on your device. To the extent that you do not change these settings, you agree to receive push notifications and to be responsible for the security and confidentiality of any information displayed in push notifications on your devices. Our Terms of Use include additional information for how to unsubscribe from Text Messages. To the extent that you provide us with permission to send you Text Messages and you do not unsubscribe using the processes described in our Terms of Use, you agree to receive Text Messages from us. You agree to be responsible for the security and confidentiality of any information displayed in Text Messages on your devices. We are not responsible for Personal Information or other information that others may encounter because they obtain access to your password(s), your devices, your email accounts, your browsers, or your browser history.

The Services may contain links to Third-Party Offerings (as further described in the Terms of Use). When you access any Third-Party Offerings, you do so at your own risk, and you understand and agree that you are solely responsible for reading and understanding any terms of use and/or privacy policies that apply to those Third-Party Offerings. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of any Third-Party Offerings, and we are not responsible or liable for the availability, performance, technical failures, content, accuracy, efficacy, appropriateness, safety, legality, security, or any other aspect of Third-Party Offerings.  

We exercise great care to protect your Personal Information. However, we cannot ensure the security or confidentiality of any Systems or Connections that you use to transmit information to us. For example, we cannot ensure that your email or your mobile phone or any other personal device is secure. In addition, to the extent you choose to transmit information to us or receive information from us through features of your devices, such as speech dictation or voice-over narration, you are responsible for evaluating the security and confidentiality of those features. In addition, communication lines used to transmit emails and Text Messages do not have the same security features that are built into our Services. For more information on your Systems and Connections, please review the Terms of Use. 

Although we take great care to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee that criminals or others acting unlawfully will not succeed in efforts to undermine our security measures. Unauthorized entry to, access to, or use of our systems or locations, hardware or software failure, loss, and other factors may compromise the security of your information at any time. 

If you have reason to believe that your data or your interactions with us are no longer secure or if you have questions related to privacy or data security, you may contact us in any of the manners described at the end of this Privacy Policy. 
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION CAN I ACCESS AND CORRECT?

If you are an Omada Member, you can access certain information about you described below through the App or otherwise through the Omada Program in order to view, and in certain situations, update that information. This list may change as the Services change.

    First and last name
    Account and Omada Member profile information (e.g., nickname and picture)
    Email address
    Mailing address
    Phone number
    Username and password
    Communication preferences (e.g., email and push notifications)
    Data concerning your weight, activity, food tracking, blood glucose measurements, blood pressure measurements, or health goals (where applicable to the Omada Programs in which you participate).

Omada may choose not to accept a change to certain clinical information if doing so would cause a clinically inaccurate record. For more on the right to correct or amend your PHI, please refer to our Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices.

If you are an Omada Member, you also have the right to receive a copy of your PHI as is described in our Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices. If you are a Site Visitor but not an Omada Member, you can access certain information about you by contacting us in any of the manners described below at the end of this Privacy Policy or as otherwise required by the applicable law, including as described in the Supplemental State Privacy Notice. 

In order to help us maintain your information and ensure that it is accurate and up to date, please update your information if it changes or inform us promptly in any of the manners described at the end of this Privacy Policy so that we can make the appropriate changes. When you update information, we often maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records.
WHAT RIGHTS AND CHOICES DO I HAVE REGARDING MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?

Choosing Not to Disclose

You may choose not to disclose information to us, even though that information may be required to take advantage of certain features of the Services. 

Requesting Information

You also have the right to request certain information from us, specifically:

    a copy of the Personal Information that we collect from you,
    a description of the specific pieces of Personal Information that we collect from you,
    a description of the categories of Personal Information that we collect from you (which you can find in this Privacy Policy),
    a description of the sources of Personal Information that we collect from you (which you can find in this Privacy Policy), and 
    a description of the purposes for which we gather Personal Information from you (which you can find in this Privacy Policy and, for Omada Members, in our Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices). 

Omada Members also have rights concerning our access to and use of their Protected Health Information, which are described more fully in our Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices.

You also have the right to request information about any of your Personal Information we may sell or share with third parties for their own purposes. For your convenience and to avoid any need to request this information from us, we have confirmed in this Privacy Policy that we will not rent or sell your Personal Information. In addition, we will not share your Personal Information with third parties for their own purposes, except where we obtain your permission (as described above) and except, for Omada Members, where those disclosures are described in our Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices (such as disclosures of Protected Health Information to your other health care providers or to other entities that have certain relationships with you under HIPAA). We do not share your Personal Information with developers of large language models for Generative AI Features for their improvement of their own models or otherwise for their own purposes.  

To request information from us or to obtain additional information and instructions for exercising your rights to obtain information, please contact us in any of the manners described at the end of this Privacy Policy.

Unsubscribing from Communications

You may unsubscribe from communications from us, but please keep in mind that, if you are an Omada Member, by opting out of further communications, you may limit program reminders and other valuable program content and components. In addition, even if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Policy, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are responsible for reviewing legal notices for changes. When you receive an email from us, you can opt out of receiving further emails by following the included instructions to unsubscribe. In addition, if you are an Omada Member, you may adjust your email preferences in the Apps. Our Terms of Use include additional information for how to unsubscribe from Text Messages. If you would like assistance in unsubscribing from email communications or if you do not wish to receive mail, phone calls, or Text Messages from us you may indicate this preference by contacting us in any of the manners described at the end of this Privacy Policy. We will process your request within a reasonable time, but please note that you may receive additional emails as we process your request.

Deleting Your Account and/or Deleting Personal Information

As a health care provider, we are required by law to maintain the Personal Information, including any PHI, that we receive from Omada Members as a business record. As a result, we cannot eliminate User Submissions or other Personal Information from Omada Members from our records. Certain features required by the Apple App Store or Google Play may require that we include a process for requesting account deletion. While we can assist you in closing your account and no longer sharing Personal Information with us, our regulatory compliance obligations as a health care provider will require that we will retain Personal Information for the duration required by law. However, even if you are an Omada Member and you stop using our Services for any reason (including closing your account), we will protect any User Submissions and other Personal Information that we maintain in accordance with our Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy, and our Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices as if you were still using the Services.

If you are a Site Visitor, please refer to our Supplemental State Privacy Notice for more information on your rights to deletion.
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF APPLICABLE STATES

If you are a resident of one of certain U.S. states, certain Personal Information we collect from you when accessing or interacting with the Sites is subject to state-specific privacy laws. For these purposes, Personal Information does not include information that is considered PHI under HIPAA or similar state health information privacy laws. Please refer to our Supplemental State Privacy Notice for more information on your rights under these laws. 
HOW DO WE PROTECT CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION?

If you are under 18, you may not register or enroll in any Omada Program other than Omada for Joint and Muscle Health, and if you are under 13, you may not register for or enroll in any Omada Program at all. We do not knowingly allow or solicit anyone under these ages to participate independently in any of the Services, and the Services are not directed to children under these ages. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the ages described above. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that a child under the ages above has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that an individual under the ages above has provided us with Personal Information without verifiable parental consent, we will delete that Personal Information from our files.
HOW CAN WE CHANGE THIS PRIVACY POLICY?

We may prospectively change or replace any terms of this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason at our discretion. We will post the most recent version of this Privacy Policy on our Sites and in the Apps, and any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when posted. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time the information is used or disclosed. You are responsible for checking this Privacy Policy periodically for changes. If we change or replace any terms of this Privacy Policy in a manner that meaningfully reduces your rights, we will notify you and designate a reasonable time period before the new terms will take effect. By continuing to use or access the Services after any changes come into effect, you agree to be bound by the updated Privacy Policy. If you disagree with any changes, you should stop using the Services.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US WITH QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS?

If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or Omada’s privacy practices or if you would like to request to access or correct your Personal Information, please contact our support line at 888-409-8687 or our Privacy Officer, either by email at privacy@omadahealth.com or at the following address:

Omada Health, Inc.
PO Box 210129
Dallas, TX 75211
 

We will make every effort to respond to your questions, concerns, and requests within a reasonable time.

Effective Date:  May 20, 2025