 Last updated: June 30, 2025. View the prior version of this Privacy Notice.

We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Notice describes how Amazon.com and its affiliates (collectively "Amazon") collect and process your personal information through Amazon products, services, stores, website and physical locations, devices and applications that reference this Privacy Notice (together "Amazon Services"). By using Amazon Services, you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice.

Please read our Additional State-Specific Privacy Disclosures and Consumer Health Data Privacy Disclosure for additional information about the processing of your personal data and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws. 


What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Collect?

We collect your personal information in order to provide and continually improve our products and services.

Here are the types of personal information we collect:

    Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you provide in relation to Amazon Services. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our Amazon Services.
    Automatic Information: We automatically collect and store certain types of information about your use of Amazon Services, including information about your interaction with products, content, and services available through Amazon Services. Like many websites, we use "cookies" and other unique identifiers, and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser or device accesses Amazon Services and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon on other websites. Our physical stores may use cameras, computer vision, sensors, and other technology to gather information about your activity in the store, such as the products and services you interact with.
    Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources, such as updated delivery and address information from our carriers, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase more easily.

See examples of information we collect or receive.
For What Purposes Does Amazon Use Your Personal Information?

We use your personal information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the products and services that we offer our customers. These purposes include:

    Purchase and delivery of products and services. We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and services, and promotional offers.
    Provide, troubleshoot, and improve Amazon Services. We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyze performance, fix errors, and improve the usability and effectiveness of the Amazon Services.
    Recommendations and personalization. We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with Amazon Services.
    Provide voice, image and camera services. When you use our voice, image and camera services, we use your voice input, images, videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide the requested service to you, and improve our services. You can read more about Alexa, Echo Devices, and Your Privacy.
    Comply with legal obligations. In certain cases, we collect and use your personal information to comply with laws. For instance, we collect from sellers information regarding place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification and other purposes.
    Communicate with you. We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to Amazon Services via different channels (for example, by phone, email, chat).
    Advertising. We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products, and services that might be of interest to you. We do not use information that personally identifies you to display interest-based ads. To learn more, please read our Interest-Based Ads notice.
    Fraud Prevention and Credit Risks. We use personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, Amazon, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.

What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?

To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide and improve Amazon Services, we use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our Cookies Notice.
Does Amazon Share Your Personal Information?

Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling our customers' personal information to others. We share customers' personal information only as described below and with subsidiaries Amazon.com, Inc. controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.

    Transactions involving Third Parties: We make available to you services, products, applications, or skills provided by third parties for use on or through Amazon Services. For example, you can order products from third parties through our stores, download applications from third-party application providers from our App Store, and enable third-party skills through our Alexa services. We also offer services or sell product lines jointly with third-party businesses, such as co-branded credit cards. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share customers' personal information related to those transactions with that third party.
    Third-Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders for products or services, delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing payments, transmitting content, scoring, assessing and managing credit risk, and providing customer service. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
    Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or services. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Amazon.com, Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
    Protection of Amazon and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Amazon, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
How Secure Is Information About Me?

We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.

    We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by using encryption protocols and software.
    We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
    We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of customer personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may ask to verify your identity before we disclose personal information to you.
    Our devices offer security features to protect them against unauthorized access and loss of data. You can control these features and configure them based on your needs. Learn more about how to manage the security settings of your device at Digital Services and Device Support.
    It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computers, devices, and applications. We recommend using a unique password for your Amazon account that is not used for other online accounts. Consider enhancing your security by following the guidance at our Your Security page.
    Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. Read more information on Signing Out of Your Amazon Account.

What About Advertising?

    Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites: Amazon Services may include third-party advertising and links to other websites and apps. Third-party advertising partners may collect information about you when you interact with their content, advertising, and services. For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon, including interest-based ads, please read our Interest-Based Ads notice. To adjust your advertising preferences, please visit Your Ads Privacy Choices.
    Use of Third-Party Advertising Services: We provide ad companies with information that allows them to serve you with more useful and relevant Amazon ads and to measure their effectiveness. We never share your name or other information that directly identifies you when we do this. Instead, we use an advertising identifier like a cookie, a device identifier, or a code derived from applying irreversible cryptography to other information like an email address. For example, if you have already downloaded one of our apps, we will share your advertising identifier and data about that event so that you will not be served an ad to download the app again. While we do not share your specific shopping actions like purchases, product views, or searches with ad companies, we may share an advertising identifier and an estimate of the value of the ads they show you on our behalf so they can serve you with more effective Amazon ads. Some ad companies also use this information to serve you relevant ads from other advertisers. You can learn more about how to opt-out of personalized advertising (such as cross-context behavioral advertising) by visiting Your Ads Privacy Choices.

What Information Can I Access in My Account?

You can access your information, including your name, address, payment options, profile information, Prime membership, household settings, and purchase history in the "Your Account" section of the website.
What Choices Do I Have?

If you have any questions as to how we collect and use your personal information, please contact our Customer Service. Many of our Amazon Services also include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used.

    As described above, you can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of the Amazon Services.
    You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in What Information Can I Access?. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
    If you do not want to receive email or other communications from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences. If you don't want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or device.
    You may adjust your personalized advertising preferences by visiting Your Ads Privacy Choices.
    The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies or other identifiers, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to block cookies altogether. Because cookies and identifiers allow you to take advantage of some essential features of Amazon Services, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Services that require you to Sign in. For more information about cookies and other identifiers, see our Cookies Notice.
    If you want to browse our websites without linking the browsing history to your account, you may do so by signing out of your account and blocking cookies on your browser.
    You can manage the recommendations you receive in our store at Improve Your Recommendations, and you can remove recommendations you don’t want to see by unchecking the “Use this item for recommendations” toggle on the right side of the page for each item. You can edit Your Browsing History, as well.
    You will also be able to opt out of certain other types of data usage by updating your settings on the applicable Amazon website (for example, Manage Your Content and Devices), device, or application. Learn more about certain devices at our Privacy Settings FAQ page. Most non-Amazon devices also provide users with the ability to change device permissions (for example, disable/access location services, contacts). For most devices, these controls are located in the device's settings menu. If you have questions about how to change your device permissions on devices manufactured by third parties, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer.
    If you are a seller, you can add or update certain information in Seller Central, update your account information by accessing your Seller Account Information, and adjust your email or other communications you receive from us by updating your Notification Preferences.
    If you are an author, you can add or update the information you have provided in the Author Portal and Author Central by accessing your accounts in the Author Portal and Author Central, respectively.

In addition, to the extent required by applicable law, you may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things, you may go to Data Privacy Queries. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services?

Amazon does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Amazon Services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian. For more information, please see our Children's Privacy Disclosure.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework

Amazon.com, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. Learn more about the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions

If you choose to use Amazon Services, your use and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice will change also. You should check our websites frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Related Practices and Information

    Conditions of Use
    Seller Program Policies
    Help pages
    Most Recent Purchases
    Community Guidelines

Examples of Information Collected

Information You Give Us When You Use Amazon Services

You provide information to us when you:

    search or shop for products or services in our stores;
    add or remove an item from your cart, or place an order through or use Amazon Services;
    download, stream, view, or use content on a device or through a service or application on a device;
    provide information in Your Account (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one email address or mobile number when shopping with us) or Your Profile;
    talk to or otherwise interact with our Alexa Voice service;
    upload your contacts;
    configure your settings on, provide data access permissions for, or interact with an Amazon device or service;
    provide information in your Seller Account , Kindle Direct Publishing account , Developer account , or any other account we make available that allows you to develop or offer software, goods, or services to Amazon customers;
    offer your products or services on or through Amazon Services;
    communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
    complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or a contest entry form;
    upload or stream images, videos or other files to Prime Photos, Amazon Drive, or other Amazon Services;
    use our services such as Prime Video;
    compile Playlists, Watchlists, Wish Lists, or other gift registries;
    participate in Discussion Boards or other community features;
    provide and rate Reviews;
    specify a Special Occasion Reminder; or
    employ Product Availability Alerts, such as Available to Order Notifications.

As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as:

    identifying information such as your name, address, and phone numbers;
    payment information;
    your age;
    your location information;
    your IP address;
    people, addresses and phone numbers listed in your Addresses;
    email addresses of your friends and other people;
    content of reviews and emails to us;
    personal description and photograph in Your Profile;
    voice recordings when you speak to Alexa;
    images and videos collected or stored in connection with Amazon Services;
    information and documents regarding identity, including Social Security and driver's license numbers;
    corporate and financial information;
    credit history information; and
    device log files and configurations, including Wi-Fi credentials, if you choose to automatically synchronize them with your other Amazon devices.

Automatic Information

Examples of the information we collect and analyze include:

    the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet;
    login, email address, and password;
    the location of your device or computer;
    content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads, and network details for streaming and download quality, including information about your internet service provider;
    device metrics such as when a device is in use, application usage, connectivity data, and any errors or event failures;
    Amazon Services metrics (for example, the occurrences of technical errors, your interactions with service features and content, your settings preferences and backup information, location of your device running an application, information about uploaded images and files such as the file name, dates, times and location of your images);
    version and time zone settings;
    purchase and content use history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features like Top Sellers;
    the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our websites, including date and time; products and content you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
    phone numbers used to call our customer service number; and
    images or videos when you shop in our stores, or stores using Amazon Services.

We may also use device identifiers, cookies, and other technologies on devices, applications, and our web pages to collect browsing, usage, or other technical information.

Information from Other Sources

Examples of information we receive from other sources include:

    updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily;
    account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services;
    information about your interactions with products and services offered by our subsidiaries;
    search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links);
    information about internet-connected devices and services linked with Alexa; and
    credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.

Information You Can Access

Examples of information you can access through Amazon Services include:

    status of recent orders (including subscriptions);
    your complete order history;
    personally identifiable information (including name, email, password, and address book);
    payment settings (including payment card information, promotional certificate and gift card balances, and 1-Click settings);
    email notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Delivers, Special Occasion Reminders and newsletters);
    recommendations and the products you recently viewed that are the basis for recommendations (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations);
    shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries);
    your content, devices, services, and related settings, and communications and personalized advertising preferences;
    content that you recently viewed;
    voice recordings associated with your account;
    Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Reminders and personal profile);
    If you are a seller, you can access your account and other information, and adjust your communications preferences, by updating your account in Seller Central.
    If you are an author, you can access your account and other information, and update your accounts, on the Kindle Direct Publishing (KDP) or Author Central website, as applicable.
    If you are a developer participating in our Developer Services Program, you can access your account and other information, and adjust your communications preferences, by updating your accounts in the Developer Services Portal.



Alexa, Echo Devices, and Your Privacy


Amazon knows that you care how information about you is used, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. Here are answers to common privacy questions about Alexa and Echo devices.

1. Is Alexa recording all my conversations?

No. By default, Alexa-enabled devices are designed to detect only your chosen wake word (e.g., Alexa, Amazon, Computer, Echo, or Ziggy). The device detects the wake word by identifying acoustic patterns that match the wake word. No audio is stored or sent to the cloud unless the device detects the wake word (or Alexa is activated by pressing a button). On certain devices, you can enable features that allow you to interact with Alexa without the wake word. For instance, Follow Up Mode allows you to make follow-up requests to Alexa without having to repeat the wake word and, on compatible devices, interrupt Alexa to make requests. When you join Alexa+, Follow Up Mode will be turned on for your compatible Echo devices and the Alexa app. See the FAQ “How does Follow up Mode work?” for more information.

You can also configure supported Echo devices to detect specific sounds, such as the sound of smoke alarms, carbon monoxide alarms, and glass breaking. See the FAQs “How does Alexa Emergency Assist work?” and “How do Routines with sound detection work?” for more information.
2. What happens when I speak to Alexa?

When you speak to Alexa, a recording of what you ask Alexa is sent to Amazon's cloud, where we process your request and other information to respond to you. As part of that processing, we create a text transcript of your request to help Alexa interpret and understand what you said, take any requested actions, and provide a response.  For example, when you ask, "Alexa, play top hits on Amazon Music," we use the recording of your request and information from Amazon Music to play top hits.
3. How do I know when Echo devices are sending audio to the cloud?

When Echo devices detect the wake word or when the Action button available on some Echo devices is pressed to activate Alexa, a visual indicator appears on the device to indicate that the device is recording your request to stream to the cloud. For instance, a light ring on the Echo device will turn blue or a blue bar will appear on Echo Show devices. When you use the wake word, the audio stream includes a fraction of a second of audio before the wake word, and closes when Alexa has determined your interaction has ended. In addition, Follow Up Mode allows you to make follow-up requests to Alexa without having to repeat the wake word and, on compatible devices, interrupt Alexa to make requests. When Follow Up Mode is on, a visual indicator will show you when you can speak to Alexa without having to repeat the wake word and when your device is recording audio to send to the cloud.

You can also configure Echo devices to play a short audible tone any time audio is sent to the cloud within Settings in the Alexa app. Certain Echo devices, like Echo Input, have the short audible tone turned on by default.
4. Can I turn off the microphones on Echo devices?

Yes. Echo devices are equipped with a microphones enable/disable button. When the button is pressed, the power to the microphones is disconnected and a dedicated red light is illuminated. When the microphones are turned off, you cannot interact with Alexa using voice, as your device cannot record and stream audio to the cloud, even when you say your chosen wake word. Turning off the microphones also disables presence detection on supported Echo devices. See the FAQ “How do certain Echo devices use ultrasound and wifi signals to support presence detection?” for more information. 
5. Can I review and delete my Alexa voice recordings, text transcripts, and typed requests to Alexa?

Yes. You can review and delete Alexa voice recordings, text transcripts of those recordings, and typed requests to Alexa associated with your Amazon account by visiting More > Alexa Privacy in the Alexa app and Echo Show devices or https://www.amazon.com/alexaprivacysettings. When you make a series of requests to Alexa, your requests may be grouped together for review into a single “chat” if Alexa determines those requests are related to one other. For example, if you ask several questions in short succession about places to visit in Paris, those requests may be grouped together into a single chat in Review Alexa History so you can easily go back to review the recommendations Alexa provided in that chat. 

Deleting voice recordings, text transcripts, and typed requests may limit our ability to personalize your experience and make improvements based on your interactions with Alexa and cause certain features to stop working. For example, if you choose not to save any voice recordings, voice IDs associated with your account will be deleted and voice ID will not work. Similarly, if you delete the voice recordings Alexa used to create your voice ID (by, for example, choosing to have your Alexa voice recordings deleted automatically after 3 or 18 months), voice ID may not work.
If you have changed your default marketplace while using an Alexa-enabled product, you will need to delete all Alexa voice recordings, text transcripts, and typed requests associated with your account separately for each marketplace. To learn how to transfer your Amazon account to another marketplace, go here.
6. Can I choose to automatically delete my voice recordings, text transcripts, and typed requests to Alexa?
Yes, you can choose to automatically delete your voice recordings, text transcripts, and typed requests to Alexa after a specified period of time (3 or 18 months), or you can choose to not save any voice recordings. If you choose automatic deletion after 3 or 18 months, we will delete the voice recordings, text transcripts, and typed requests associated with a chat once the specified period of time has passed since your last request to Alexa within that chat. If you choose not to save any voice recordings, we will automatically delete your voice recordings after we process your requests and automatically delete all existing voice recordings associated with your account, but your text transcripts of those recordings and any typed requests will be retained for 30 days after your last interaction with Alexa in a given chat, after they will automatically be deleted. We retain those text transcripts and typed requests to allow you to review the requests you make to Alexa, and to improve your Alexa experience and our services. You can delete the text transcripts at any time by going to More > Alexa Privacy in the Alexa app or https://www.amazon.com/alexaprivacysettings.

7. What happens when I delete my Alexa voice recordings, text transcripts, and typed requests to Alexa?

When you delete Alexa voice recordings, text transcripts, and typed requests to Alexa associated with a chat, we will delete those items from Amazon’s cloud. We may still retain other records of your Alexa interactions, such as attachments you shared with Alexa, information you provided through your interactions, records of actions Alexa took in response to your requests, records of products you searched for, and other information related to your requests. This allows us, for instance, to continue to provide your reminders, timers, and alarms, process your orders, personalize your experience, remember your preferences and the things you’ve shared with Alexa (like notes in Remember This and information relevant to you), show your shopping lists, tasks, and messages sent through Alexa Communication, and answer questions about attachments you’ve shared with Alexa. If your request was processed by an Alexa skill, deleting your voice recordings does not delete any information retained by the developer of that skill (skill developers do not receive voice recordings). For more information on Alexa skills, refer to the FAQ “How do Alexa skills work?” For more information on notes, refer to the FAQ “What is Remember This?” For more information on removing messages sent through Alexa Communication, refer to the FAQ “How do I remove Alexa messages from my conversation list?” For more information about reviewing, downloading, or deleting an attachment you’ve shared with Alexa, refer to the FAQ “How does Review Attachments work?” For more information on deleting the voice recordings you used to teach Alexa your voice when you created a voice ID, refer to the FAQ “How does voice ID work?”
8. How does deletion work?

You can delete certain data associated with your account. For instance, you can delete your voice recordings, text transcripts of those recordings, and typed requests to Alexa, as well as information Alexa receives from third-party smart home devices, using settings available in the Alexa app or at  https://www.amazon.com/alexaprivacysettings. When you request deletion, we begin the process of securely deleting your data from Amazon’s cloud storage systems.

Our deletion processes are designed to be comprehensive and can take some time to complete. While we are processing your deletion request, the data for which you requested deletion may still be used to personalize your experience, including by informing Alexa’s responses, and we may still provide that data to you in response to a data access request. We make every effort to ensure our deletion processes run smoothly; however, the specific timing of deletion may vary based on the type of information requested for deletion and the technical operation of our internal systems. Alexa does not support voice requests to delete data in all circumstances, and Alexa may not always interpret or execute requests to delete information made by voice correctly. We design our systems to continue securely processing your requests until deletion is completed. You can always review the voice recordings, text transcripts, and typed requests to Alexa associated with your account at any time by going to More > Alexa Privacy in the Alexa app and Echo Show devices or https://www.amazon.com/alexaprivacysettings. Data that is collected by third parties, like skill developers, and data stored outside of Amazon’s cloud, like data stored on your Echo or mobile devices, may not be deleted. Your deletion requests may not delete copies of data that have been de-identified and are no longer linked to you or your account. If we have used your data to improve our services, we may continue to retain and use the systems trained on your data after your data has been deleted from our data stores.

For more information on how deletion works in various contexts, see the FAQs “What happens when I delete my Alexa voice recordings, text transcripts, and typed requests to Alexa?”, “How can I delete the information Alexa receives from my third-party smart home devices?”, and “Can I review and delete my Alexa Emergency Assist audio recordings?”
9. How do my voice recordings, text transcripts, typed requests to Alexa, and other interactions with Alexa improve Amazon’s services?

Alexa is designed to get smarter and more personalized every day. For example, we use your Alexa interactions to help improve Alexa’s ability to understand and respond to natural language requests and to train Amazon’s machine learning models. Training our models with real world interactions from a diverse range of customers is necessary for Alexa to respond properly to variations in our customers’ speech patterns, dialects, accents, and vocabulary, the acoustic environments where customers use Alexa, and the many ways in which customers engage with Alexa. This training relies in part on supervised machine learning, an industry-standard practice where humans review an extremely small sample of your Alexa interactions to help Alexa understand how to interpret your requests correctly and provide appropriate responses. For example, a human reviewing a customer’s voice request for the weather in Austin may identify that Alexa misinterpreted it as a request for the weather in Boston. And a human reviewing Alexa’s response to a request about a current event may determine whether Alexa’s response was accurate, appropriate, and properly personalized. Our supervised learning process includes multiple safeguards to protect customer privacy. For example, you can review and delete your voice recordings, and you can manage the use of your voice recordings to improve our services and develop new features, by visiting More > Alexa Privacy in the Alexa app and Echo Show devices or https://www.amazon.com/alexaprivacysettings. We also may use your interactions with Alexa to improve other Amazon products and services. For example, when you shop on Alexa, we may use those interactions to improve the systems we use to help customers search for products.
