1. Introduction
This privacy notice explains how Wish US Holdings LLC and its parent company, subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively "Wish," "we," "us," "our") collects, uses, shares, and protects personal information of customers and merchants (where a merchant is a natural person) through the Wish and Wish+ online and mobile applications ("Apps") and related services (collectively, the "Services").
Wish US Holdings LLC has several affiliates and subsidiaries around the world. Please review the Terms of Use to find out which affiliate you contract with in your country. If you live in the United Kingdom, Switzerland, or the European Economic Area ("EEA"), Wish US Holdings LLC and ContextLogic B.V. are joint controllers of your personal data.
If you do not want us to handle your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice, please do not provide us with your information or use our Services.
2. How We Collect Personal Information
Wish may collect personal information about you from a variety of sources, including:

    From you: We collect personal information you provide us either directly or through your shopping behavior. For example, Wish collects information you provide when you make a purchase, create an account and profile, write a product review, place an item in your cart, or submit a request for Wish to contact you.
    From your devices: The devices you use to access Wish provide personal information to us, including your device model, operating system and version, the name of the domain from which you access the Internet, your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, and other unique device identifiers. Wish also collects device information like the date and time you access Wish online or via the App, which pages you visit, the search terms you use, the links you click on, the browser you use, and your language preference. To collect much of this information, we use cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies. For more information about how we use tracking technologies and your rights with respect to such use, click here.
    From third parties & service providers: Our vendors and service providers, such as our web hosting and analytics providers, and advertisers, may provide us information about you. You may also give us permission to access your information from third parties, including social media networks. The information we obtain from third parties depends on your relationship with those third parties, the third parties' privacy policies, and choices of have expressed to them regarding sharing your information.

3. How We Use Personal Information
For a detailed description of how we use personal information click here. Wish may use the personal information we have for a variety of purposes, including but not limited to:

    To set up and manage Wish user accounts, including identification and authentication
    To collect or make a payment
    To process or support orders fulfillment
    To find or recommend a local feature or service, such as a pickup location
    To communicate with you using email, SMS, push notifications, or platform messaging about your account, product listings, features, or events
    To provide you with marketing, communications, and offers for products and services from Wish and third parties
    To detect bugs, report errors, and identify potential improvements in the Services, including to test changes in the Services and develop new features
    To measure and analyze use of the Services and personalize content, including advertisements
    To provide support, including addressing questions and problems users, merchants, or pickup locations may have with the Services
    To enter and fulfill business agreements with you
    To manage investor relations and Wish securities
    To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of a bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred
    To prevent, detect, investigate, and respond to fraud and unauthorized access or use of the Services, including breaches of terms and policies or other wrongful behavior
    To comply with any procedures, laws, and regulations which apply to us, including those that set retention periods
    To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations, including our transparency reporting obligations
    As otherwise described to you at the time your personal information is collected, or with your consent, if not listed here.

4. Types of Personal Information Wish Collects & Processes
Wish may collect and process the following categories of personal information from and about you depending on the circumstances of your relationship with us:

    Identifiers such as your name, your Wish Account ID number, email address, shipping address, phone number, social network accounts and credentials, advertising ID, device identifiers such as MAC address and device attributes, and (where required for identity verification) government identifiers.
    Commercial information such as transaction data, customer information including Personal Customs Clearance Codes (PCCC) for residents of South Korea, and information related to your purchasing habits.
    Financial data such as payment method or payment accounts and VAT and sales tax information.
    Contact information such as postal addresses, email addresses, social networking website user account names, telephone numbers, or other addresses at which you can receive communications or shipments.
    Internet or other similar network and device activity such as information about your browsing behavior, App activity, search history, clickstream data, and other usage data; IP addresses; device identifiers; and interactions with our websites, emails, and advertisements, including data from cookies, pixel tags, and web beacons.
    Location information such as general location and, if you provide permission, precise GPS location.
    Inferences regarding preferences and other characteristics such as our assessment of the types of products or services you may have an interest in, language preferences from your browser, or mobile device settings.
    User generated content such as product or merchant reviews you create or profile pictures that you upload.

5. How We Share Personal Information
Wish may share your personal information among its affiliates and subsidiaries, and with others, as follows:

    With technical service providers who perform a variety of services and functions for Wish, such as data storage, order fulfillment, payment processing, and marketing services. Your information will only be shared if the service providers agree in a contract to use your information only to provide the agreed services.
    With other users of the Services, such as merchants and consumers. For example, merchant information is shared with potential customers, and customer reviews (including associated photos and videos) of merchants are shared with other potential customers and merchants. We share user and merchant information to fulfill orders, including, for example, shipping address, phone number, and customs information. Additionally, certain user profile information, including your name, photo, location, items on your wishlist (unless you make the wishlist private), and the list of people you follow or that follow you may be displayed to other users.
    With courts or business partners in the event we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, bankruptcy, reorganization, or sale of all or a portion of Wish's assets.
    With our online advertising partners, such as Facebook and Google, for the purpose of advertising to you. You can read more about how we use personalized advertising here.
    With law enforcement or governmental agencies to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
    With others where we believe a necessary and proportionate disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Wish, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud prevention and credit risk reduction.
    With unrelated third parties for their independent use upon your express authorization or direction.

6. Third-Party Plugins & Links to Third-Party Websites
The Services contain links to external (non-Wish-affiliated) websites. For example, if you choose, you may follow links to social media sites such as Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, YouTube, and others. A link to such sites does not imply Wish endorses such sites. This Privacy Notice does not apply to those external websites. For information about their privacy practices, please review the privacy notices of these external sites.
Our Services may also offer you the ability to interact with plug-ins from social media sites, which may allow us or the social media site to receive data from or about you. If you have previously provided personal information to a third party operating a plug-in on the Services, then that third party may recognize you and link you to your behavior on the Services. Your use of social network plug-ins is subject to the privacy notice of the company that operates the plug-in, which may be different from ours, so please read these policies carefully to understand their policies and your options.
7. Cookies & Related Technologies
Cookies are text files stored on your web browser and are used by Wish to remember you for various purposes. Additionally, we use related tracking technologies, such as web beacons, local shared objects, and tracking pixels. To learn more about the cookies & related technologies used on our websites, please click here, and to change or withdraw your consent at any time, please click the Cookie Settings link in the cookie notice banner or in the footer of our websites.
You may also alter your browser settings to block cookies. Browsers are different, so refer to instructions related to your browser to learn about cookie-related and other privacy and security settings that may be available.
Global Privacy Control Signals & Marketing Choices
Additionally, Wish websites accept Global Privacy Control signals, which you can read more about at https://globalprivacycontrol.org. Click here for more information about Global Privacy Control Signals, your marketing choices, and how to opt-out of certain tracking technologies.
8. Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to understand how users interact with our websites and to improve how our business communicates its commercial message online. Google Analytics is a service provided by Google LLC in the United States. Google Analytics uses cookies, which transmit anonymized or truncated personal data to a Google server.
You can find more information about Google's data protection practices and terms of use by visiting Google's websites at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html and https://policies.google.com/privacy.
You can prevent Google from collecting and processing cookie-generated data relating to your use of a website by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
9. Legal Basis for Processing
Wish will only process your personal information when allowed by law; that is, we will only process your personal information when we have a legal basis to do so. We process personal data when one of the following legal bases applies:

    Performance of a Contract: Where necessary to perform a contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract, such as processing a payment and fulfilling an order.
    Legal or Regulatory Obligation: Where necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
    Legitimate Interests: Where necessary for our legitimate interests, provided that your fundamental rights do not override such interests. We consider and balance the potential impact on you and your rights (both positive and negative) before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. Where Wish relies on its legitimate interests to process your personal information, you may object to such processing at DPO@wish.com. For more information about how Wish assesses legitimate interests, click here.
    Consent: Where you have provided your consent for processing your personal data. Where Wish relies on your consent as the legal basis for processing, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.

10. Purpose Limitation
Wish will only process personal information in a way that is compatible with and relevant to the purpose for which it was collected or authorized by you, or when we notify you if the purposes change. You have the right to object to or request that we restrict the processing of your personal data for such additional purposes. You may object to a change in purposes at DPO@wish.com.
11. Data Security
Wish will take reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete, current, secure, and reliable for its intended uses. We employ procedural and technological security measures that are designed to protect your personal information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
12. Data Retention
Wish will retain your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary for legitimate business purposes or as required by law. We specify the retention periods for your personal data in our data retention policy. After we no longer need your personal information for these reasons, we will either anonymize it or delete it.
13. Data Transfers
At times, personal data may be transferred to service providers or systems in countries that may not offer a level of data protection equivalent to that in your country, including to and from the United States. Where such transfers occur, Wish complies with the cross-border data transfer and export control laws of the countries in which it operates.
For personal data exports out of the European Union ("EU") or European Economic Area ("EEA"), Wish enters the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses with the recipient to ensure compliance with the special requirements on transfers of personal data out of such countries. Where necessary, Wish will take appropriate supplementary measures to ensure an essentially equivalent level of data protection to that guaranteed in the EEA, in accordance with European Data Protection Board ("EDPB") recommendations.
14. Privacy Statement for Children
The Services are not intended to be directed to children that are younger than eighteen. Wish does not knowingly collect or intend to collect personal information from children that are younger than eighteen. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under eighteen, please contact us at DPO@wish.com.
15. Your Privacy Rights
Some privacy laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") and California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"), provide certain privacy and data protection rights. Depending on the location of your residence, these rights may include the right to:

    Access or obtain a copy of your personal information.
    Correct inaccurate personal information about you.
    Object to Wish's processing of your personal information.
    Request deletion or restriction of the processing of your personal information.
    Request categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you in the last twelve months, categories of sources of such information, our business or purpose for collecting or disclosing your information, and categories of third parties with which we shared your personal information.
    Request a list of third parties that have received your information for direct marketing purposes during the previous calendar year.
    Lodge a complaint with Wish, with your privacy regulator, or a Data Protection Authority if you have concerns about our practices regarding the processing of personal data.

16. Self Help: Update or Delete Your Personal Information in Your Account
The fastest way to edit or delete information you've provided to us (including name, password, user ID, email address, physical address, location, phone number, gender, payment method, payment service providers, and other profile information), is to go to your account "Settings" and modify or delete the information directly.
For assistance with this or to further exercise your rights, please send an email to DPO@wish.com with the details of your request.
17. Your Rights to Opt-out of Advertising & Personal Information Sharing
Wish uses third-party cookies and tracking technologies, such as Facebook Pixels, to identify and place personalized advertisements targeted to you on other platforms, such as Facebook.
You may have the right to opt out of the sharing of your personal data or to targeted advertising generally. You may exercise these rights through this portal or by using Global Privacy Control, as described on this website: https://globalprivacycontrol.org. For more information on Global Privacy Controls & Marketing Choices, click here.
18. Merchants
The Merchant Terms of Service and Agreement governs Wish's relationship with merchants. If there is any conflict between the terms of that Agreement and this Privacy Notice, the Agreement controls.
Moreover, most merchants are corporate legal entities and are not individuals or natural persons. If you are not a natural person, this Privacy Notice does not apply to you. However, if you are a merchant and a natural person, the representations in this Privacy Notice apply to you, subject to the Agreement and various legal exceptions based on your residency.
19. Supplemental Privacy Notice for South Korean Residents
When destroying personal information belonging to South Korean residents, we take commercially reasonable and technically feasible measures to make personal information irrecoverable or irreproducible. Electronic documents or files containing personal information will permanently be deleted using a technical method that makes recovery or retrieval of such information impossible. Non-electronic documents or files containing personal information will be shredded or incinerated. In case any personal information is required to be retained for a period beyond the period of retention and use as prescribed by applicable law, to the extent technically possible, such information will be stored or maintained separately from other items of personal information.
20. Privacy Notice Changes and Update
This Privacy Notice may be amended at any time. If material changes are made in how personal information is collected, used, disclosed, or otherwise processed, this Privacy Notice will be updated, including the "Effective Date" at the bottom of this Privacy Notice.
21. Contact Information
Email all questions, complaints, or comments about this Privacy Notice or Wish's data protection practices to Wish's Data Protection Officer at DPO@wish.com. Other concerns, such as about an order placed, should be sent through the standard support channels. You may also write to us at:

    ContextLogic B.V. (Commercial Register No. 62752863), BEECHAVENUE 174(2nd Floor), 1119 PS, Schiphol-RIJK, the Netherlands.
    Wish US Holdings LLC, 1 Sansome Street, 33rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104-4418.

The Dutch Data Protection Authority is our lead supervisory authority for the processing of personal data of individuals in Europe. European residents may lodge a complaint with the Dutch Data Protection Authority through their website: https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/en or by mail at:
Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens
PO Box 93374
2509 AJ Den Haag