Sony Electronics Inc. Privacy Policy

Last Updated and Effective: October 1, 2025

This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") applies only to the information collected by Sony Electronics Inc. (“SEL”,“we”, “us” or “our”), both offline and online, through SEL’s websites and any other websites, web pages, applications, interactive features, and additional online, wireless or other offerings that post a link to this Privacy Policy, whether accessed via computer, mobile device or other technology (collectively, “Properties”). SEL subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“Affiliates”) offer their own independent websites, apps and online features, including some that are linked to/from the Properties or may be used in conjunction with SEL products or services, and have their own privacy policies. Additionally, Sony Group Corporation and those companies owned or controlled by Sony Group Corporation, directly or indirectly, including but not limited to Affiliates and others which share the “SONY” branding (“Sony Group companies”), have their own privacy policies. If you are a user, customer, or account holder with other Sony Group companies, you should review the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each Sony Group company.

It is important that you check back often for updates to this Privacy Policy as we may update it periodically to reflect changes in our personal information practices with respect to the Properties or changes in applicable law.

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. In addition, please review the relevant terms and conditions applicable to the Properties you may use, including the Terms and Conditions and the Website Terms of Use for our websites, which govern your use of the Properties and any related services.


Collection of Information

We collect information from you directly, automatically when you visit or use the Properties, from Sony Group companies, and sometimes from third parties. Some of this information may be considered “personal information” or “personal data,” and some of which may be considered “sensitive” under various applicable laws. We consider information that identifies you as a specific, identified individual to be personally identifiable information (such as your name, phone number, e-mail address), and we treat additional information, including IP addresses and cookie identifiers, as “personal information” where required by applicable law. If we combine information we consider to be non-personal with personal information, we will treat that combined information as personal information under this Privacy Policy. In some cases, we may de-identify or pseudonymize personal information so that it is non-personal, such as by aggregating it or converting it to a code, sometimes using a function commonly known as a “hash.” Such codes do not identify you directly, but may be used to connect your activity and interests. We will treat de-identified or pseudonymized information as non-personal to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law.
Information You Provide To SEL

When you interact with SEL or our Properties, we may ask you to provide various pieces of information, including contact information (such as your first and last name, e-mail address, mailing address, and telephone number) and other information about yourself, such as demographic information (i.e., gender, zip code, age, etc.), or certain information about your preferences and interests. We may also ask you to provide additional information in connection with a feature or service we offer. For example, if you are registering a product, we may collect device or service information, or, if you make a purchase, we will collect payment information and related transaction information.

If you contact our customer service centers for assistance by any means, including written communications or via our chat features, support forums, telephone, email, text message, or social media channels, we may collect your phone number, record and use customer service calls, texts or chats (where permitted by applicable law), or ask for device identifiers, such as an IMEI number from a mobile device. We may collect other information that you may provide to us in connection with the service request, including information about your health conditions, such as information about your hearing in connection with our over-the-counter hearing aid products. Some of our customer service processes, including chatbots and call/chat monitoring and recording, are operated by us or third party service providers. Content you provide to us by any channel may be sent to and stored by our third party service providers.

Through certain features or in the course of providing services to you, you may also provide us with photos and videos or other content. Please note that if you upload content or provide us with photos or videos, such images may include metadata which can reveal information about the images, including but not limited to, where and when they were taken.
Information That SEL May Collect Automatically

In addition to any information that you choose to provide to us, whenever you visit or interact with the Properties or our content, SEL, as well as our third-party analytics and advertising providers or other service providers, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information and metadata about how the Properties are accessed and used (“Usage Information"). Usage Information may include, without limitation, browser type, operating system, the page served, time spent on the Properties, the pages you have viewed, clickstream data and location information.

SEL may also automatically collect your IP address, or other unique device identifiers (“Device Identifiers") for the computer, mobile device, technology or other device (each, a “Device") you use to access the Properties. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device when you access the Properties or our servers, so that our systems can identify your Device. We may also collect an Advertising ID (such as the Android AAID), which is assigned by the platform operator for the applicable Device.

We may also automatically collect email metadata, and information regarding your actions taken in connection with emails from SEL (such as opening the email or clicking a link in the email and visiting our Properties).

In accordance with applicable law, (including with your consent if required), we may also automatically collect information related to your physical behavior or health, voice recognition and utterance data when using a voice command, or biometric information, such as voice authentication or fingerprint, for identification purposes.

Third parties may also use technologies that automatically or passively collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you visit or use our Properties or other online websites and services. For example, some third parties' embedded content or plugins on the Properties, such as social media sharing tools, allow them to learn that you or your Device have visited or interacted with our Properties, and they may combine this information with other, identifiable information they have collected about your visits to other websites or online services. These third parties may handle this information, and other information they directly collect through their content and plugins, pursuant to their own privacy policies.

The technologies used on the Properties to collect Usage Information and/or Device Identifiers by us or third parties include:

Cookies. "Cookies" (which may be .html files, or other technology) are small text files that help store user preferences and activity. A Cookie is placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Properties or otherwise access our online offerings. Cookies may be used for many purposes, such as remembering you and your preferences, tracking your visits to our web pages and customizing your experience on the Properties. You may configure your browser or Device to block the use of cookies. Please refer to Advertising and Analytics Providers and Your Choices section for more information , including how to manage or opt-out of certain cookies. For more information about cookies and managing cookies generally, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.

Web Beacons.  “Web beacons” (also known as image tags, pixel tags, GIFS or web bugs) are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data, such as counting page views, promotion views or advertising responses. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for various purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Properties, to monitor how users navigate the Properties, to count how many sent e-mails were actually opened or to determine whether content sent was actually viewed.

Embedded Scripts. “Embedded scripts” are programming codes that are designed to collect information about your interactions with the Properties, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our server or a third-party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Properties, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.

Session Replay. Session replay technology, also referred to as session playback or user experience (UX) replay, collects information regarding and tracks your interactions with a website or application. It then transforms those logged user events (such as mouse movements, clicks, page visits, scrolling, tapping, etc.) into a reproduction of what you actually did on the website or application. We use session replays for quality control, customer service, fraud prevention and security, and marketing purposes. Our session replay technology is owned and operated by a third-party who acts as our service provider. The information collected by this technology may be collected and stored by our third-party service provider.
Location Data

We may collect information about your location from your Device. In some cases, this may include the precise location of your Device. We may collect location information using different types of technologies, including IP address, GPS or Wi-Fi. If you use one of our mobile applications, we may also access your Device’s location information in the background when you give us permission. You may be able to turn off the collection of precise location information through the settings on your Device. In addition, some mobile service providers may also provide us or our service providers with information regarding the physical location of a Device used to access the Properties.
Information We Receive from Sony Group Companies and Third Parties

SEL may receive information about you from various third parties. For example, if you purchase products or services from a retail store, mobile network operator, or from an online retailer linked from the Properties, we may receive certain information about your purchase, such as your contact information, a mobile device IMEI code or other product identifier, and transaction information from the retailer. In addition, if you are on another property and you opt-in to receive information from us, that property may forward your e-mail address to us and other information about you so that we may contact you as requested.

We may also supplement and combine the information we collect about you with information we may receive from Sony Group companies or with outside records from third parties, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, and other third party data providers, to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor and customize our content, offers and advertisements to you on the Properties and elsewhere online, and to enhance our products and service.
Use of Collected Information and Your Choices

SEL may use the information it collects, including personal information, to provide products and services to you and for the following purposes:

(i) to enable you to create an SEL account that can be used to register a product, participate in a forum or sign-in to various Sony Group services, including through a Linked Account;

(ii) to process your transaction(s) and administer our program(s), including any loyalty or other program we may offer;

(iii) to process and allow your registration and participation in programs and features we and Sony Group companies offer, including, at times, to verify that the e-mail address or other information you provide is active and valid;

(iv) to provide you with marketing, advertising and requested content, including newsletters from us or Sony Group companies;

(v) to tailor the content, advertisements, and offers you may see on our Properties or elsewhere online and to determine which products, services, promotions or other offerings might be of interest to you;

(vi) to provide you with information about your account, and the products and services you purchase or use;

(vii) to provide customer support and service to you in connection with a product or service or your use of the Properties, including software updates;

(viii) to develop, maintain and improve the Properties and our products and services;

(ix) to develop, maintain and improve artificial intelligence technologies and services;

(x) for internal business, legal and compliance purposes, including for security, to monitor the Properties and for fraud prevention;

(xi) to contact you with regard to your use of the Properties, your account, and, in our discretion, changes to any of our policies;

(xii) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information; or

(xiii) otherwise with your consent.

To change or update the personal information you have provided to SEL, you may be able to update your account through your account settings, or you may contact us as indicated in the “Contact Us” section below. You may opt out of receiving marketing emails by following the opt-out instructions provided to you in those e-mails or using the links below:

To unsubscribe from receiving email marketing communications related to consumer products, click here.

To unsubscribe from receiving email marketing communications related to professional products, click here.

Please note that even if you opt out and/or unsubscribe, we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your account or use of your products and the Properties, and these transactional messages may be unaffected by your choice to opt-out from marketing communications.

If you choose to receive SMS or MMS messages that may be offered by SEL, you may unsubscribe from those SMS or MMS messages received by replying ”STOP”.

In accordance with our routine record keeping, we may delete certain records that contain personal information you have submitted through the Properties or otherwise. We are under no obligation to store such personal information indefinitely and disclaim any liability arising out of, or related to, the destruction of such personal information.
When and With Whom SEL May Share Information Collected

Except as prohibited by law, we may share non-personal information, such as aggregate user statistics, hashed or otherwise de-identified or pseudonymized information, demographic information and Usage Information, with third parties in our discretion.

We may also share your information, including personal information, as disclosed at the time you provide your information, as set forth in this Privacy Policy, with your consent, and in the following circumstances:

Sony Group. We may share your personal information and other information within and among the Sony Group companies for a variety of purposes, including but not limited to, (i) providing you with or contacting you about content, products, services or other offerings, such as games, videos, music, and software that may be of interest to you; (ii) administration of offers or Promotions; (iii) business and product development; (iv) community forum administration or development; (v) to support various business processes and provide services; (vi) providing customer service; (vii) for security, monitoring, compliance and legal purposes; and (viii) for customer analysis, research and development.

Linked Sony Accounts. You may choose to link your SEL account with other Sony accounts established with certain other Sony Group companies. (“Linked Accounts”). For example, you may be able to link your accounts for different Sony applications and services within the Sony Group so you can use the same account sign in details (email address and password) to access them all. If you have a Linked Account, the Sony Group company operating each service you access will use your account details and any data collected when you use that service in accordance with the Sony group company privacy policy applicable to the service. If you wish to exercise any personal information privacy rights you may have in connection with an individual account, you will need to contact the relevant Sony Group company controlling the account. If you wish to cancel or terminate some or all of the accounts under your Linked Account, you will need to follow the account cancellation process for each individual service or account you wish to cancel.

Non-Affiliated Entities Providing Services on Our Behalf. We may employ third parties to perform functions on our behalf; examples include hosting or operating the Properties; sending e-mails, mobile message communications, and other communications, such as surveys; providing customer support and service; executing interactive voice response (IVR) programs; and performing data analysis and serving advertisements. We may share personal information with third parties for them to provide content, complete a requested transaction or otherwise perform services for SEL.

Third Party Business Partners. We may share personal information with third party business partners as part of a marketing campaign. Separately, we may offer you the opportunity consent to receiving information and/or marketing offers from such third party business partners for similar purposes. If you choose to have your personal information shared, your personal information will be disclosed to the third party and the personal information disclosed will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third party. If you consent to receiving communications from third parties, you will need to communicate with them directly if you later decide that you no longer wish to receive their communications.

Business Transfers. SEL or any of its assets, including the Properties, may be sold, or other transactions may occur in which your personal information is one of the key business assets for the transaction. In such a case, your personal information may be one of the business assets we transfer. Hence, SEL reserves the right to disclose and transfer user information, including personal information, in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, reorganization, the sale of certain stock and/or assets, or other corporate change including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process.

Legal Protections and Law Enforcement. We may transfer and disclose information, including personal information, Usage Information and Device Identifiers, to third parties: to comply with a legal obligation; to prevent fraud and other criminal activity; when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to verify or enforce SEL terms of use or other applicable policies; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third parties, visitors to our Properties or the public. We may also use Device Identifiers to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, Internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies, in our discretion. Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.

Business Partners for Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions. We, the Sony Group companies, and our third-party partners may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions or co-promotions (each, a “Promotion”) that may require registration. If you choose to enter a Promotion, your personal information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with the administration of such Promotion, such as in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law, such as on a winners list. By entering a Promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor and/or other parties to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials, and submission of your social security number for any prize fulfillment.
Information You Disclose Publicly on Our Properties or Online

Our Properties may offer message boards, chat rooms, games, and other public areas (collectively, "Community Forums") where you can engage in social networking, interact with others, as well as have the opportunity to submit photographs, writings, music, video, audio recordings, computer graphics, pictures, data, questions, comments, suggestions or other content (collectively, “User Submissions”). To participate in certain Community Forums, you may be asked to select a username, screen name or member name and password. Please do not use your actual name or email address or the actual name of another person when selecting a username (or screen name or member name).

Note that anything you post to a Community Forum is public, and others will have access to your User Submissions and may view, collect and use that information or share it with third parties. If you choose to voluntarily disclose User Submissions, the protections of this Privacy Policy will not cover such disclosure of information. Think carefully before you post and use caution before disclosing any personal information.

User Submissions are subject to our Website Terms of Use. User Submissions may be published online or offline in any media or format (currently existing or hereafter developed). We may also publish your name, voice, likeness and other personal information with your User Submissions, and SEL may use the content, or any portion of the content, for advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional activities.

We may also monitor social media sites, blogs, forums and other third-party review sites to gather insights about our brand, products or services. We may contact or interact with you via those platforms, subject to the terms of use and privacy policy of such platform. Any information we collect will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Third Party Content, Services and Features

Certain content on the Properties may be hosted and served by third parties, which may include third party widgets (such as embedded videos, interactive services, surveys, or to provide ratings and reviews). In addition, when you are on the Properties you may be directed to other websites that are operated and controlled by third parties that are beyond our control. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use our logo(s) as part of a co-branding agreement. In addition, SEL content and widgets may be included on web pages and websites that are not associated with us and over which we have no control. These other websites may send their own cookies to your Device, and they may independently collect data or solicit personal information. Third parties may also use technologies that automatically or passively collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you visit or use our Properties or other online websites and services. SEL is not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party.
Social Media Applications

The Properties may have features that include an interactive third-party website or service, such as Meta ("Social Media"). For example, you may be able to “like” a product or online content, “share” content to other properties, and otherwise link the Properties with Social Media. If you choose to “like” or “share” content or to otherwise post information from or via the Properties to Social Media, that information may become public and the third-party property may have access to information about you and your use of the Properties.

You may also choose to participate on Social Media (such as one of our Facebook pages or a similar application or feature on a third-party property, or otherwise linking the Properties with another Social Media website, application or online service) such that you are connecting that third-party Social Media service with our Properties. You may also have the opportunity to log-in through or otherwise connect your account on a Social Media service through the Properties, including using your Social Media log-in information to create an account with SEL. Doing so may allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you. When you choose to participate, you may be opting to link your activity on our Properties with that third-party property, which may then collect information about your visits to our Properties and may publish that activity as you request to your "profile" or similar feature with that third party (such as if you choose to share content you find on one of our Properties with your "connections" on the third party's property). We may also receive information about you if other users of Social Media give us access to their profiles and you are one of their “connections.”

These Social Media platforms may be able to collect certain information about your visits to the Properties regardless of whether or not you affirmatively interact with the feature and whether or not you are logged into (or have) an account with the Social Media platform. These Social Media platforms may combine this information with other, identifiable information they have collected about your visits to other websites or online services, pursuant to their own privacy policies.

The information we collect via Social Media is subject to this Privacy Policy. However, the information collected and stored by the third party remains subject to the third party's privacy practices, including whether the third party continues to share information with us or with other third parties, the types of information shared, and your choices regarding what is visible to others on that third party's property. The third party may allow you to remove an application or feature, in which case we will no longer collect information about you through the application or feature, but we may retain the information previously collected.
Advertising and Analytics Providers and Your Choices

SEL licenses technology to serve advertisements on its Properties and other content as that content is served across the Internet. In addition, SEL may use third party network advertisers to serve advertisements on the Properties and elsewhere online, and we use third-party analytics providers to evaluate and provide us with information about the use of the Properties and viewing of our content. These third parties may set and access their own tracking technologies on your Device and may otherwise collect or have access to information about your visits to and activity on the Properties, as well as other web sites or online services, and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you, including Usage Information.

Cookies and web beacons, including those set by third party network advertisers, may be used to, among other things, target advertisements, prevent you from seeing the same advertisements excessively, or conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you. We may also share non-personal, aggregated, pseudonymized, or de-identified (including hashed) information at our discretion, including to serve you with relevant advertising, and to allow others to do so.

We use a variety of third parties to perform advertising and analytics services, and some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI”) or the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. For more information, including how to opt-out of targeted advertising from participating companies, please refer to: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp, and http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. Certain states provide additional rights. Please see our STATE NOTICES section below for additional rights you may have.

One analytics provider with whom we may work is Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Properties and report on activities and trends. This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps, services, and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to http://google.com/policies/privacy/partners. You can opt out of the service by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

To manage your cookie preferences on our websites, please refer to the “Manage Cookies” link in the cookie banner or footer of the applicable website.

Do Not Track and Global Privacy Control Signals.

Do Not Track. Some web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” feature that signals to websites that you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. When you choose to turn on the “Do Not Track” settings in your browser, your browser will send a signal to websites, analytics providers, advertisement networks, plug-in providers, and other web service providers you encounter while browsing to stop tracking your activity. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit www.allaboutdnt.com.

Global Privacy Signals. Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) is a technical specification in your browser settings that you can use to automatically inform websites of your privacy preferences with regard to third party online tracking. To find out more about and to set up GPC, please visit https://globalprivacycontrol.org.

Please note opting out of tracking or targeted advertising through these mechanisms does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads while online. If you configure privacy settings on your browser, certain features on our site may not work. You will also need to turn the setting on for each browser that you use.

If you have enabled an opt-out preference signal on your browser or extension, we will honor such requests that our Properties can recognize by disabling targeting cookies. Please note that we may not be readily able to associate an opt-out preference signal with your Sony account(s) or across Sony Group companies. Please refer to the “State Notices” section below if you would like to extend your opt-out request beyond the online advertising practices described above.
Security and Monitoring; Data Retention

Unless otherwise required by law, we are not responsible for monitoring or recording any activity on the Properties, including communications, although we reserve the right to do so.

To help protect you and others, we may monitor use of the Properties, and use personal information and other information we collect, in order to: identify fraudulent and other criminal activities and transactions; prevent abuse of and investigate and/or seek prosecution for any potential threats to or misuse of the Properties; ensure compliance with the applicable terms of service and this Privacy Policy; investigate violations of or enforce these agreements; and otherwise to protect the rights and property of us, our partners, and customers.  Monitoring may result in the collection, recording, and analysis of online activity or communications through the Properties.  If you do not consent to these conditions, you must discontinue your use of the Properties.  

We strive to maintain commercially reasonable security measures designed to help protect your information against unauthorized or accidental disclosure, access, misuse, loss, or alteration. However, there is no such thing as perfect security. Although we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.

We retain all categories of Personal Information described in this Privacy Policy for as long as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, considering the time period reasonably necessary to: provide the goods or services you request; exercise the choices and rights you have requested; comply with our contractual obligations comply with applicable legal, regulatory, or other obligations, including litigation holds and agency regulations. Except as noted differently on specific pages or in apps, we retain your Personal Information while you have an account with us, or while you are using our Properties or continuing to interact with us.

When SEL no longer has a need for your information, we will (take steps to remove it from our active systems and records and/or to properly anonymize it so that you can no longer be identified from it. Even if we delete your information from active databases, the information may remain on backup or storage media to the extent allowed by applicable law.
Children’s Privacy

The sites we operate are general audience sites which do not target users under the age of 18. If SEL becomes aware that it has collected personal information from a child or minor in contravention of any applicable laws and regulations, SEL will delete that personal information from its files promptly.

Any parent or guardian with questions regarding the collection or use of personal information relating to their child or minor should contact us using the details provided in the Contact Us section below.
Consent to Processing

The Properties are operated in and intended for use in the United States. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States and other jurisdictions. By using the Properties, or providing us with any information, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States and other jurisdictions, where the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.
Changes to Privacy Policy

SEL reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and any changes will become effective immediately upon posting on the Properties, unless otherwise stated. We may also provide notice to you in other ways, such as through contact information you have provided. Your continued use of the Properties on or after the posted effective date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes to the extent allowed by applicable law. However, SEL will provide notice and obtain your consent if required. Note that you may need to consent to our new policies in order to continue to use the Properties and our services.
Contact Us

If you have any questions or comments about our practices regarding Personal Information or about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

Sony Electronics Inc.
16535 Via Esprillo
San Diego, CA 92127
Attn: Privacy Office

Telephone: 1-833-681-9900
Email: SonyElectronicsPrivacy@sony.com
STATE NOTICES
Notice to U.S. Residents (including but not limited to: CO, CT, DE, IA, MD, MN, MT, NE, NH, NJ, OR, TN, TX, UT and VA, but excluding California):

We set forth in our Privacy Policy and Table 1 the categories of personal data we process, the purpose for processing personal data, the categories of personal data shared, and the categories of third parties with whom personal data is shared.

Consumers in certain states which have comprehensive privacy laws in effect, may have the following rights with respect to their personal data subject:

    Right to Know and Access: the right to confirm whether we are processing your personal data and to access your personal data. For residents in certain states, this may include a list of third parties with whom we have shared personal information.
    Right to Correct: the right to correct inaccurate personal data we hold about you.
    Right to Delete: the right to delete the personal data provided by you or obtained about you.
    Right to Data Portability: the right to obtain a copy of the personal data previously provided by you to us and, to the extent feasible, in a readily usable format to allow data portability.

If you are an eligible consumer and would like to submit a request to exercise any of these rights, please complete the form here: Data Requests.

Right to Opt-out of Targeted Advertising or “Sales”: SEL engages in online advertising practices that may be considered “targeted advertising” or “sales” of data under applicable law. To exercise your right to opt-out of targeted advertising and sales of your data, you may submit a request here: Opt-out of Targeted Advertising.

In addition, you may need to disable sharing through cookies set by third parties on certain SEL websites which may be considered targeted advertising. To manage your cookie preferences, please refer to the “Manage Cookies” link on the cookie banner or in the footer for the applicable website and ensure that the “Targeting Cookies” selection is disabled and save your preferences. If you have enabled an opt-out preference signal on your browser or extension, we will honor such requests that can be recognized by our Properties by disabling “Targeting Cookies.” Please note that we may not be readily able to associate an opt-out preference signal with other personal information we may have collected, such as your email address. Refer to the “Opt-out of the Targeted Advertising” link above if you would like to extend your opt-out request beyond the online advertising practices using cookies.

Right to Opt-Out of Profiling: While state laws may permit you to opt-out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, we do not engage in such activities at this time.

Right to Appeal: Pursuant to applicable law, if, for any reason, you would like to appeal a decision made by us relating to your request or your exercise of a right, you have the right to submit an appeal and can do so by completing this form: Data Requests. Please include your full name, the basis for your appeal, and any additional information to consider.
Notice to Nevada Residents:

If you are a Nevada resident, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain personally identifiable information we have collected about you to third parties. SEL does not currently sell your personally identifiable information as those terms are defined under Nevada law. However, if you wish to submit a request to opt-out of the sale of such information if SEL were to engage in such a sale in the future, you may submit your request in writing to: privacy@am.sony.com. Your request must reference your Nevada rights and include your name, mailing address, zip code, and email address. We are not responsible for requests that do not come through the designated request mechanism or do not contain sufficient information to allow us to process your request. SEL will respond to valid requests within 60 days.
Notice to California Residents:

This California Privacy Notice is effective as of October 1, 2025.

This California Privacy Notice supplements our Privacy Policy and applies only to California residents. This notice sets forth the disclosures and rights for California Consumers regarding their personal information, as required by the California Privacy Rights Act and any implementing regulations adopted thereunder (“CPRA”). Terms (including defined capitalized terms) used in this California Privacy Notice have the same meaning given in the CPRA, unless otherwise defined.

California Consumer Rights. Subject to certain exceptions, as a California consumer, you may have the following rights regarding your CA Personal Information:

    Request to Know. Request information regarding what Personal Information we collect, use, disclose, and sell, including the right to request that we provide you with the categories and /or specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you;
    Request to Delete. Request deletion of the Personal Information we collect about you;
    Request to Correct. Request correction of inaccurate Personal Information that we maintain about you;
    “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.” Request to opt-out of the “sale” of your Personal Information or the “sharing” of your Personal Information to a third party for cross-contextual behavioral advertising (i.e., targeted advertising). As we do not knowingly collect Personal Information of residents younger than the age of 16, thus we do not knowingly sell or share Personal Information of residents younger than the age of 16 for cross-contextual behavioral advertising.
    “Limit the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information.” Under the CPRA, a business must only provide the Right to Limit the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information when Sensitive Personal Information is collected or processed for the purpose of inferring characteristics about a consumer or does not fall under certain statutory exceptions. SEL’s use and disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information falls within the statutory exceptions, and we therefore do not currently offer this right.

Verifying Requests. In your request, you must provide enough information to allow us to verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information, or their authorized representative. You must also describe your request with enough detail so that we can understand, evaluate and respond to it. We can’t respond to your request if we can’t verify your identity. Making such a request does not require you to create an account with us, and we will only use the information you provide in a request to verify your identity.

We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity based upon the information you provide and the type of request you are making. When you exercise your Right to Know, Right to Delete, and/or Right to Correct, we may ask that you provide us with additional information in order to verify your identity and fulfill your request. If we are unable to verify that the individual submitting the request is the same individual about whom we have collected information (or someone authorized by that individual to act on their behalf), we will not be able to process the request.

Pursuant to the CPRA, we will not require you to verify your identity, beyond asking for the information necessary to complete your request when you exercise your Right to Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing.

Agents. If you are an authorized representative submitting a request on a consumer’s behalf, please complete the applicable request per the instructions below. You may also make a request on behalf of your minor child. We will follow up to request a signed, written permission signed by the individual who is the subject of the request authorizing you to make the request on their behalf. The written permission must state your full legal name, the full legal name of the individual who is the subject of the request, and a clear description of the permission granted. Alternatively, you may submit a copy of a power of attorney under Probate Code sections 4000-4465. In either case, please also indicate in your email the nature of your request. The consumer’s identity, in addition to your own, will need to be independently verified in order for us to be able to fulfill your request. We may also ask the consumer to directly confirm with us that they provided you permission to submit the request. Please keep in mind that if we do not receive adequate proof that you are authorized to act on the consumer’s behalf, we may deny the request.

Exercising Your Rights.

Right to Know; Right to Delete; Right to Correct

If you are a California Consumer and would like to exercise your Right to Know, Right to Delete, and/or Right to Correct, please submit your request at: Data Requests; or you may call us toll-free at 1-833-681-9900.

For requests to know, in order to have us provide specific pieces of information, we will require a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose Personal Information is the subject of the request. For requests to delete, we may follow up with you and require you to confirm that you want your information deleted.

Do Not Sell or Share for Cross Context Behavioral Advertising

Right to Opt-Out of Sale/Sharing

California Consumers have the right to opt-out of the sharing of your Personal Information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising (i.e., targeted advertising). California Consumers also have the right to opt-out of the “sale” of your Personal Information for monetary or other valuable consideration. If you are a California Consumer and would like exercise your Right to Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing, please submit your request at Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.

Cookie Based Opt-Outs for Do Not Sell or Share for Cross Context Behavioral Advertising

SEL engages in online advertising practices (and certain analytics or similar activities), which may be considered a “sale” or “share” for cross-context behavioral advertising as defined in the CPRA. In addition to submitting the form above, you may need to disable sharing through cookies set by third parties on certain SEL websites. To manage your cookie preferences, please refer to the “Manage Cookies” link in the cookie banner or the footer for the applicable website and ensure that the “Targeting Cookies” selection is disabled and save your preferences.

If you have enabled an opt-out preference signal on your browser or extension, we will honor such requests that can be recognized by our Properties by disabling “Targeting Cookies.” Please note that we may not be readily able to associate an opt-out preference signal with other personal information we may have collected, such as your email address. Refer to the “Right to Opt-out of Sale/Sharing” above if you would like to extend your opt-out request beyond the online advertising practices described above.

Data Retention

We retain all categories of Personal Information described in this California Privacy Notice for as long as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes outlined in this California Privacy Notice, considering the time period reasonably necessary to: provide the goods or services you request; exercise the choices and rights you have requested; comply with our contractual obligations; comply with applicable legal, regulatory, or other obligations; including litigation holds and agency regulations. Except as noted differently specific pages or apps, we retain your personal information while you have an account with us, or while you are using our Properties or continuing to interact with us.

Data Reporting

Click here to access our data reporting metrics for the previous calendar year.

Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights

California Consumers have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising CPRA rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your CPRA rights.

Notice of Financial Incentive

Under California regulations, if we offer certain loyalty, discount, or similar program(s) directly or reasonably related to the collection, retention or deletion of your Personal Information, such program may be considered a “financial incentive”. In such cases, we will be required to make additional disclosures to you, which are available at: Notice of Financial Incentive/Loyalty Program.

Personal Information We Collect & Purposes for Collection

The Personal Information we collect about you will depend upon how you use our Properties or otherwise interact with us. Accordingly, we may not collect all the below information about you. In addition to the below, we may collect and/or use additional types of information and will do so after providing notice to you and obtaining your consent to the extent such notice and consent is required by the CPRA.

We may have used Personal Information for the business or commercial purposes described in Table 1 below:

Categories of Personal Information Collected
	

Business or Commercial Purposes for Collection of Personal Information
	

Categories of Sources from Which Personal Information Was Collected
	

Categories of Service Providers/Third Parties to Whom We May Disclose Personal Information for a Business Purpose
	

Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is Sold or Shared for Cross Context Behavioral/Targeted Advertising

Identifiers
Such as: name, phone number, mailing address, email, DOB, and online or device identifiers such as Device IDs, IP address, Advertising ID.
	

Create and manage your account(s); provide requested services; process transactions; respond to your inquiries; send you information on products, services, promotions and other offerings; personalize your experience on our Properties and online; provide you updates on your account, your products and our Properties; maintain and improve our products and services; monitor and maintain security of our systems and prevent fraud; internal business, legal and compliance purposes
	

Consumers; Sony Group companies; Third-Party Business Partners; Cookies and Tracking Technologies; Consumer Data Providers
	

Sony Group companies; IT Service Providers; Email/Messaging Vendors; Customer Support Providers; Payment Processors; Shipping Providers; Data Analytics and Advertising Providers; Business Partners; Legal Authorities (as required by law); Business Transfer Recipients.
	

Sony Group companies; Advertising Networks, Social Media Networks.

Any categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.140*

Such as: name, contact information, government identifiers; financial information and online or device identifiers such as Device IDs, IP address, Advertising ID.

*Some of this information may also be included in other categories of information
	

Create and manage your account(s); provide requested services; respond to your inquiries; send you information on products, services, promotions and other offerings and to personalize your experience on our Properties and online; provide you updates on your account, products, and use of the Properties; maintain and improve our products and services and those of Sony Group companies; monitor and help maintain security of our systems and prevent fraud; internal business, legal and compliance purposes
	

Consumers; Sony Group companies; Third-Party Applications
	

Sony Group companies; Rebate Vendors; Data Analytics Providers; Business Partners; Legal Authorities (as required by law); Business Transfer Recipients.
	

Sony Group companies; Advertising Networks, Social Media Networks.

Commercial Information
Such as: products or services purchased, credit card or payment information, or transaction history.
	

Create and manage your account(s); provide requested services; process transactions; respond to your inquiries; provide information and updates on your products, services or features; internal business, legal and compliance purposes; prevention of fraud
	

Consumers; Sony Group companies; Business Partners
	

Sony Group companies; Customer Support Providers; Data Analytics and Advertising Providers; Payment Processors; Legal Authorities (as required by law); Business Transfer Recipients.
	

Sony Group companies; Advertising Networks.

Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity
Such as: computer and connection information, browser type, operating system, page views, traffic to and from the websites, advertising data and other standard weblog information collected via cookies, web beacons, and related tracking technologies.
	

To personalize your experience on our Properties and online; maintain and improve our products, services and features; serve advertising; monitor and help maintain security of our systems and prevent fraud; internal business, legal and compliance purposes
	

Consumers; Sony Group companies; Social Media Applications; Cookies and Tracking Technologies; Advertising Networks
	

Sony Group companies; IT Service Providers; Data Analytics and Advertising Providers; Advertising Networks; Legal Authorities (as required by law); Business Transfer Recipients.
	

Sony Group companies; Advertising Networks, Social Media Networks.

Sensitive Information
Such as: account log-in/password information, ethnicity, health information, precise geolocation or biometric information; government identifiers.
	

Provide services, features and functions; maintain and improve our products and services; authentication of your account; monitor and help maintain security of our systems and prevent fraud; internal business, legal and compliance purposes
	

Consumers
	

Sony Group companies; IT Service Providers; Rebate Vendors; Customer Support Providers; Data Analytics Providers; Legal Authorities (as required by law); Business Transfer Recipients.
	

None

Audio, Visual and Similar Electronic Information
Such as: pictures or videos, or audio recordings.
	

Provide features and services, including customer service; quality assurance; manage participation and use of forums and similar online offerings
	

Consumers; Sony Group companies
	

Sony Group companies; IT Service Providers; Customer Support Providers; Data Analytics Providers; Legal Authorities (as required by law); Business Transfer Recipients.
	

None

Inferences Drawn from Other Information and Consumer Characteristics
Such as: characteristics that may relate to demographics (e.g., gender, age, region, profession or job title), interests or hobbies, and inferences may be drawn from collected information, purchase or browsing history.
	

To develop and deliver marketing communications; to personalize your experience on our Properties and online; develop, maintain and improve the products, services and features offered by us and the Sony Group companies
	

Consumers; Sony Group companies; Third-Party Business Partners; Social Media Applications; Consumer Data Providers
	

Sony Group companies; Service Providers; Data Analytics Providers; Advertising Networks; Legal Authorities (as required by law); Business Transfer Recipients.
	

Sony Group companies; Advertising Networks, Social Media Networks

Characteristics of a Protected Class Such as: Age or gender

*Some of this information may also be included in other categories of information
	

To develop and deliver marketing communications; to personalize your experience on our Properties and online; develop, maintain and improve the products, services and features offered by us and the Sony Group companies
	

Consumers; Sony Group companies; Third-Party Business Partners; Social Media Applications; Consumer Data Providers
	

Sony Group companies; Service Providers; Data Analytics Providers; Advertising Networks; Legal Authorities (as required by law); Business Transfer Recipients.
	

Sony Group companies; Advertising Networks, Social Media Networks